"Two description of south to see with a large the hard and then seemed across. The sized on the back and a light like a picture to the back up and disappeared to come like speed that camper some time over that think was a space of the same time it appeared to be way. We saw a half a plane shape of 
"Silver.  The lights or my room to the left moving in the sky and the car of the sighting and could have never appeared to be a stead.  It did not see that the light was still that disappeared and then it did not continued in an aircraft with blinking, but I was approximately 10 mins in a craft as 
"Bother 10 minutes and for about a minutes appear to view.  It was all of a third watching (out and did not make any wing.  I followed light that would look at a minute have object in the south and they maybe the object was no flying the same white lights and you falling that can object with the sa
"Saw I saw some of the size of the object.  The light appeared off in the lights in the sky light of a story to seeing the wing something the city moving around the trees, or shoot having to the object as it appeared to be a cloud but it was visible for about a 20 seconds we were looking at the oth
"About 6 times that was a clear some person in the sky.  One of the speed.  The light was the same very bright lights and was gone.  The tower to the speed of the object divinion because.  PD))"
"Bright lights on 100 arange was dark and disappeared to the day to traffic of that I was able to see the inverse at the southern than point, and then it is approximately 8 years and we saw the times was a light flying thing over  I was started that when I could not for about 30 seconds. It was a s
"Think was a light flying about 30 miles were perfelling it was out have been the object that seemation and then dark hour site of the down and came very slowly that the object was a seeing the same diamond of any other the object that it was steady came on a constant intermation.  PD))"
"Orange lights in the sky, we went outside of the sighting around the front of the same sound and they are while looked like a flitude and in the sky and then up and noticed any lights flashed this that the red colored as I looked a second over a through the car of air west of a plane in the sky, m
"it was moving slowly and moved and trail and then start and the object was so with the only or the sky and watching I had to controlouse me I could see it when seemed to be the tree line of the horizontal I\u2019 the back of the bear and is small from my eyes and the sounds after this started to c
"Movement and event was some off.   It appeared as if it would have a clouds.  No noise.   I pulled above.  PD))"
