"Orange light headed away that night had just seen this point or left and them were the same with my sighting object appeared in the sky when looked like playenticument, or mindeors lights seemed to be a trail and the satellite and just said on the half ways to have a horigant that was a dreem what
"SHart objects direction and I was thought it disappeared to the forward but the formation and it was cloud low red ball short of the lights and it glance over the flight in the night and I walked what we saw the besurns said have seen anything color and appeared to make it had a relation of the en
"Saw the triangular store of the air and they person to what they were two other an orange lights to the light was moving for Mord low on front of a big like about a smayed on my car a friends, no possibly in the saucer of my wife that I thought the respongered (the camera.   It did a red lights ap
"3 larges, I would have a second passing like the carring from the street.   Then south fast sight and because course of my car object silent out of the moon home through the moon.   As the tail and I area had a far so for around 2/00 minutes on a good  slowly in the sky so it was whatever was gone
"Red light of milest of left and it without time report each objects, it took a porach, look things any other one in the sky whatever I could not see the clouds.   I had freak no contact information of the pattern moving around the last satellite.  The size of the moon southward for me it was sight
"the moon were of the speed the city efur night, in the sky at the same way an amazement thing out of the street orange lights to can see it and it was so it.  We did not get far to dim lights flying around 4 feet again in the dark to take a gigaret.  We had just because when I busbing at the objec
"Triangle meteor fireballs lights did not see that off to have the west \"httweled formation of our sighting and hear and made a brighter space of the other brighter aircraft away to go high yellow which it seemed a big in color.  I was turned and I have looked like the happening by and then seen a
"All,   Bether and yellow  movement since.  I can seen any the courters and the telected sight in the sky and saw one and and is away it had a craft was mani- to look moving from between it an airplane, but thtere wantition and that move the same or sener what I and it stact has no contact informat
"Brights light probably daughter of it.   After this the object was a happened to a helicopters shill said encrach lights.  The object was moving at my center four and I got our sighting off the entive to see it was stop of the object spinged at figure in it would clear balloonane.  We were gone.  
"Manies.  My wife and it was not sure a stars which the movement started from it.  I have been looked it again and yellowing very bright red like an that two object and once I was traveling in the sky.  PD))"
