"Black sphere turned mirror like color with some kinda a shield or bubble around it disappeared an came back continually from black to mirror seen moving slow by a plane exhaust trail at a some what close distance"
"Craft with rows of red and white alternating rows of lights.  Hovered over trees in yard slowing moved away toward the east.  There was a tremendous amount of wind that was felt pushing through closed window.  The craft was very large the length of around 40 feet. All of the air was being pushed down from the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Triangular shaped object with orange aura spotted in Harlingen, TX. on 6/2/2006 I work at a car dealership and most of the time I spend at work is outside waiting on customers.  On this day was overcast with storms in the area, but it never rained where I was.  My coworkers and I were always watching the sky to see if there was a rainshower near by.  At about 15:00hrs I spotted an object in the distant sky which I thought was a helicopter approaching to a landing strip about a mile away from my location.  I noticed that the speed at which the object was approaching was very slow and I proceeded to ask my two other coworkers their opinion of what the object was.  The responses they gave me (a hawk, a baloon, a kite, a blimp) were slowly being eliminated as the object moved closer to our location in Harlingen, Tx.  The best description that I can give about the object is as follows.  It was black in color and had a triangular shape.  At one point in my observation, it seemed as if it was a convetional private jet airplane that was out of control because it had a faint sound of a jet engine and was rotating as it made its approach.  As it moved closer, I began to notice a disturbance that encompassed the object; a light orange colored aura.  It also left a trail of disturbed air also tinted in orange which demonstrated its movement.  At it's closest point, five other coworkers joined me in the observation of the object.  the object was approaching from the ESE and took a turn to the WSW and began moving away from my location at almost the same speed as the approach."
"Cigar shaped craft were sighted over the South Carolina mountains in daylight on Oct. 28 and 30, 2007. The time was between 9:30 and 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oct. 30, 2007. I was one of four grandmotherly women at a rural gas station at the foot of Table Rock Mountain in Pickens Co., SC.  Two of the women -- both retired newspaper reporters -- were talking at the gas pump with the woman who runs the store, when she suddenly pointed into the sky and all observed what they said were (at least) two cigar -- or tube-shaped wingless, exhaustless, noiseless aircraft crossing the sky overhead.  I am severly crippled so by the time I got out of the car to look, the things had passed over and were hidden by trees.  It was not clear how many there were, as one of the women saw only one.  The store owner said that two days before, on a Sunday, she had seen five such objects go over, in formation, and two army-type helicopters seemed to be either accompanying them or trying to intercept them.  But they were fast and soon disappeared over the mountains.  One of the women, an experienced news photographer, tried to photograph them but the extreme brightness of the sky and their high altitude made it impossible.  I reported this sighting to the FAA in Atlanta, the RADAR room at the Greenville-Spartanburg Airport and the Flight Standards Office in Columbia, SC, where I was directed to you."
"Red circular object moving quickly, then stops and hovers over Providence, RI, changes colors and then disappears. Around 5:30 this morning, my husband was out in the back yard with our dog, when he began to shout for me to come outside quickly. I worried something was wrong, so I immediately ran outside, as he pointed to the sky.   About a mile away I saw a very prominent red circle or orb like craft.  There could have been a haze around it but unsure if it was my eyes or not.  The orb was definitive and red though.  I observed it and watched it  in the sky as it was hovering.   Then, it very quickly zinged to the right and stopped again.  It turned from red to white, then back to red.  What I couldn't believe was the way it flew to the side and stopped immediately, not a gradual stop or eased stop, but a full on stop, like it hit a barrier and how fast it was moving.   It hovered a minute, then zinged left stopped, and it appeared to gain some elevation as it slowly proceeded to fly to the right and out of view for a few seconds, when I caught a glimpse of it through the houses.   I then observed it zing up into the sky so fast, I couldn't believe it, and it was gone.   I am a well educated professional and I am telling you there is nothing I have ever seen or heard of that:  1.  Is as precise in stopping as that craft was, it defied physics;  2. Could move that fast, and still maintain such control; and 3.  Could maneuver so quietly, no visible propellers or exterior engines were visible and without any vapor trail or exhaust.   It was scary and intriguing at the same time.  I have no doubt what I saw was not from here."
"unexplained object in the fraser valley british columbia. I did not observe the object until I entered my photographs into my computer and was previewing my photos.  The object appears in only one photo, it is what I perceive to be diamond shaped and quite bright. at the time that I took this photo I was photographing a storm cell to my north and so this object stands out against the black clouds.  This is the second time in two weeks that I have captured a strange object in this area, the other time was March 8 2013 but those objects were photographed on a sunny day and I sent you 6 photographs of that event along with a report."
"Red light stationary in sky for well over 15 minutes My wife and I came out from the parking lot after dinner and then stopped to try and film this thing.  It had no sound, a plane flew behind us which was drastically different than this red light in the sky. In the video, it has no color and is hard to make out exactly what it's doing.  We continued to watch it for at least 15 minutes before it started to &quot;bounce&quot; and then disappeared upwards."
"You have to get back to me please.-Thanks Hello.  I saw the strangest-most ((\"fouled\")) up thing tonight.   I was out on a dirt road-Full moon so I could drive in 4x4 mode with no lights on-no problem.  The I realized the northern lights were out but the moon was so bright they weren't as awesome as they could have been.   The full moon was super (annoying) bright.   So I looked up at the auroras....and I see the most amazing thing ever.  I was facing north-north east (a bit) and I saw this ladder in a box type thing-and a lot of wildlife went crazy-at that time of night!-and it was also ZERO DEGREES CELCIUS!  (Canada remember?)   I would have to draw a picture.----you hear of anything like that?- I'm freaking out-get back to me-Thanks! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report requests a response, but provides no contact information.  Hence, we are unable to request an illustration be submitted.  Possible hoax??  PD))"
"Two bright lights with about four or five smaller lights scattered near it dissapeared after being seen for around 8 seconds Two bright lights with a four or five smaller lights scattered around them were seen sitting stationary in the sky for about 8 seconds. The weather was very cloudy; stars and the moon were not visible.  But the lights lit up very dimly the clouds near it. No movement, or strobe lights, but then the lights just disappeared like they had just been shut off. Stayed outside looking for about five minutes in the direction that the lights had disappeared but there was no sign of any lights again. Went back outside about every minute and still saw no sign of lights anywhere in the sky."
"Suacer and secondary object over Cottonwood Arizona (verde valley) chased by Jets My son and daughter came in tho the house, asking me to come outside and look at this \"shiny thing\" in the sky.  I went outside and they pointed south-east and I say an object appoximately 3/4 to 1 mile away, stationary and about less than a 1000 ft up.  I told the kids I don't now what it is, but I continued to observe it.  I noticed that it was rotating because the sun was glinting off it despite the clouds in the sky.  As I watched it I couldn't believe what I was seeing, another object this one round looked like a metallic ball, decended from the bottom of the stationary object.  The size of this object was one tenth the size of the other.  The round object then procceded to fly in our direction (west), staying at the same altitude. The speed was incrediably high, I cranned my neck to keep my sight on the object, I watched it fly overhead until it disappeared over the trees behind us, this took only a few seconds and it was gone.  I then watched the original object for a few seconds more, the it slowly moved in a northern direction dissapearing into the clouds.  Still trying to located it, I then noticed two fighter jets, I couldn't see the markings.  The jets were flying at a high rate of speed, chasing the object. I watched them till they disapeared into the clouds also.  My children asked me, \"what was that thing\", my respose was \"I don't know\".  I went in and told my wife this same incredable story, and have not forgot the details.   To this day I tell anyone who listen, They always ask was it a flying saucer, my response is always the same, \"I don't know what it was\"  I have always been a non beleiver in \"flying Suacers\" and I am still a non believer today. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"A stable bright light, larger than anything practical shined into my room on the second floor, not making any noise, it disappeared rig It was the first time of me and my cousin\u2019s young life, and we decided to try pulling an all nighter for the very first time. We lived on the second floor and with had a large panel of window on one side of our walls.  All the sudden, in the middle of the night, there was a bright light that shined through the window. I would say it most closely resembled the searchlight of a helicopter.  The light shined directly into our room with a beam of light that was parallel to the ground. It was perfectly stable and noiseless.  We stared at the blinding yellow light mindlessly not knowing what to think. What felt like at least five to ten minutes was probably a lot shorter than that.  To this day, my cousin and I can still vividly recall that night and what we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Saw a bright tear-like triangular shape in the sky that did not move for more than 30 minutes Driving east on US Highway 96 between Hutchinson and Wichita, KS, when I observed a \"weird\" looking star.  It was brighter than most stars and with the sky being overcast, for one to shine so brightly it caught my attention.  It was north of the highway.   After seeing this \"star\" I looked in other directions and noticed two others (one further east and one south).  These \"stars\" did not appear to be moving. Looking further, I observed it looked like a tear in the dark sky letting light seep through in a triangular shape.  As I was driving, the two others disappeared from my line of site, but the one to the north stayed stationary.  The star remained in site until I arrived at my home. Then I cam inside and looked for a website to report it on. I was listening to the radio and talking on my cell phone all of the way and had no interference. I had not been drinking or using illegal substances and am not overly tired.  The feelings I experienced were facination at first and then after realizing it was something unknown, I kinda got that X-File like paranoia.  I made sure I stayed with traffic and drove through popuplated areas all the way home. This is my very first reporting. ((NUFORC Note:  Jupiter?  PD))"
"Addendum to earlier report made on 01/09/15 This is simply an addition or addendum to a report I made several days ago, I believe it was for 01/09/15.  After I filed the report I realized I made a mistake.  The craft was travelling from the northeast toward the southwest.  I believe I mistakenly wrote the southeast. That is error, it was going toward the southwest.  This is a very regular route for the many planes I see coming from Bradley Field in Hartford, so this might have been some sort of commercial or military craft, but it was quite spectacular and unlike anything I have ever seen, and I grew up around airbases, as my father was a aircraft radar technician by trade. I am also including a drawing I made in Paint. It will be obvious I am no artist, but it will give the rough idea.  I could not actually see any body to this craft, just the very bright and very beautiful lights.  Only the red light blinked, all other lights were steady."
"IT WAS AMBER IN COLOR WAS FIRST IN AN S SHAPE POINTING DOWN (VERTICLE) THEN WENT UP INTO A HORIZONAL POSITION SIMILAR TO SANTAS SLEIGH 1 LARGE AND 6 SMALL AND ZOOMED ACROSS THE SKY TO THE EAST.  THIS WAS HEADING NORTH ON I17 TOWARDS FLAGSTAFF."
"Ufos in lockport IL As I was traveling west bound on 147th st. in lockport, il.  Sitting in the passenger seat I noticed a flame like object hovering over an empty field.  As my friend and I made the left turn onto gougar rd. the flame became more visible, as we got to an opening in the trees  we parked our vehicle to observe the object.  Now our position was right in between 151st and 147st on gougar road.  During this time our vehicle was facing south and we were observing the object to the west of us.  To the west of us is the I-355 extension and the object was across the highway about a quarter mile.  When we first parked our car the object still had a flame shooting out the top of it.  At first it had seemed as if the refinery flame was lit.  But this was not the refinery.  The flame began to diminish and a very dimly lit spotlight appeard at the base if the object, at this point the shape of the object was unclear.  Everything up to this point happened in the first five minutes.  Now things get a little frightening, the spotlight on the craft had dissapeared and a bright green light turned on.  We were about 3/4 of a mile away from the object when it started to approach us, the green light was still on and the craft was approaching the highway heading east.  I couldnt believe my eyes as I saw this spherical shaped aircraft with six tentacle like legs under its body.  The craft was getting closer and now I can resemble the lights, there was one single light bar across the center of its body consisting of 1 green light on the right side (the brightest one) a white light next to that light, then three red lights that flickered as if they were being manipulated manually, they did not seem to have a set pattern and finally a dimmer green light on the left of the arrangment.  These light features were extruded from the front of the body of the vehicle, the aircraft was now about fifty feet over our heads silently hovering over.  Our car was off and not one noise! came from the aircraft.  As it passed over us we lost sight panicked and left."
"Green/blue bright light beams down for several seconds - totally silent outside My 2 sons (21 & 22 years old) and I were outside in the hot tub around 10pm in heavy fog, initially, but the fog lifted and we started seeing stars.  My youngest son and I were facing my house looking up and my oldest son was facing us.   Suddenly an extremely bright light (greenish blue) seemed to spotlight down over the eave of the house.  It only lasted a few seconds.   The son facing away from the house toward us said the trees and horse pasture lit up, but he didn't see the light directly.   My youngest and I had to squint while looking at it.   We all immediately said, \"What was THAT??\"   It was totally silent outside - no noise whatsoever."
"SOMETHING ON FIRE MOVING RAPIDLY AWAY SILENTLY AND DISAPPEARING LAS CRUCES, NEW MEXICO AUGUST 22, 2008 APPROX. 8:30pm  MY WIFE AND I WERE ON OUR BACK PATIO FACING NORTH WHEN FIRST MY WIFE AND THEN I SAW A  FLICKERING LIGHT IN THE NORTHERN SKY. IT WAS ABOUT 30 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON AND WAS ALMOST AS BRIGHT AS THE STREET LIGHT ACROSS THE STREET FROM US AND APPEARED TO BE A MILE AWAY.   MY WIFE THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE A  BALLOON OR PLANE ON FIRE.  MY FIRST THOUGHT WAS A FLARE. IT WAS MOVING SLOWLY TO THE WEST.   ALTHOUGH IT WAS BECOMING DARK, THERE WERE A FEW STARS OUT AND WE COULD STILL DISTINGUISH BETWEEN CLOUDS IN THE NORTHER SKY AND THE SKY.  WHEN I FOUND MY BINOCULARS, THE OBJECT HAD MOVED QUITE A DISTANCE TO THE NORTH AND WAS MUCH SMALLER.  IT THEN WENT INTO THE CLOUDS, REAPPEARED MUCH SMALLER AND ULTIMATELY DISAPPEARED.  THE BASE OF THE CLOUDS WERE ABOUT 10-15 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON AND PERHAPS 20 MILES NORTH OF US.  THERE WAS NO SOUND. I SHOULD NOTE THAT I AM A  FORMER AIR FORCE INTELLIGENC OFFICER AND AM A SKEPTIC ABOUT LITTLE GREEN MEN VISITING US FROM OUTER SPACE EVEN IF I DO LIVE IN NEW MEXICO (ROSWELL AND AZTEC ALLEDGED SIGHTINGS NOT WITHSTANDING). I AM STILL WAITING TO SEE PHYSICAL EVIDENCE OF ACTUAL UFO\u2019S."
"triangle shape object hideing  with strobe lite distraction almost invisable i saw a strobe like lite comming towards me at about 3.10 am sat. morning. i was on my bike comming home from 7-11. it seem to follow me home. before it got to my house i ran and got my cam corder. then soon as i turned it on here came the strobe lite from behind the tree. it flashed many times. it seem to get lower until it went to low to see. i have a great video of this thing. i hope to share it. well on further examination os video. i saw the triangle shape object behind a different tree. it was seperate from strobe lite. i think it tried to hide behind tree while strobe lite distracted it. i have been looking for and studying ufos for a long time. I REALLY THINK YOU SHOULD SEE VIDEO. IT TAKES a trained eye to see this thing. it was almost invisable. this could be what alot of people want to see. THATS the truth. please respond A.S.A.P. very important. i dont know what to do with video. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright orange lights dropping , what looked like flares? My wife and I were coming back from Pierre and we got to a area by Channy rush? HWY 34. We noticed what looked like a tower light in the sky to the south of us. It was bright orange and it dropping what looked like flares? There was a second smaller orange light kinda below it moving up and down. I stopped and called my sister to have her go outside to see if she could see them from Stephan, where we live. She said she didn\u2019t see anything. We didn\u2019t see them anymore and started back home again. Then we were about two miles from home and again we seen one bright orange light then it spilt into two with one below the other, moving up and down. We got home and I walked down our road alittle to see past the campus High School building and south in the sky was five bright orangr lights. Four were in a straight line and one just below the left of the formation. I ran back to the house and got my kids in the van and we were going to go drive to get a better look at them. We made it just off our gravel road and we seen the one orange light again drooping what looked like flares. My daughter was filming it on out cell phone. We waited for about 30min and nothing. We were so excited leaving our house my sister ran over our dog, bummer. There are several residents in the area that seen the same lights. I even e-mailed it to Keloland our news station, no responds. Then on the 24th in Chamberlain, SD the  Keloland weather camera caught this burning light crossing the sky to the east, and a School bus had to stop and check it out. They said on the news that it was burning space debris.I know what I saw was not burning space debris or anything like it . What I saw was stationary and moving up and down. Then maybe later in this week out in Crow Creek district they found some crop circle that some hunters found. I seen a picture that a co-worker took.. I don\u2019t know if  it was related to what I saw or what but anyway, \"weird stuff.\""
"at approximately 23:00 on 01/08/2015 I heard a very loud boom that shook the the windows in my house. I walked outside and saw a bright light disappearing in the eastern sky."
"Yuma UFO May 15 with incredible movement.  Video I was coming out of a Cracker Barrel Restaurant, headed back to hotel on foot when i saw what i thought was an abnormally bright satellite headed northwest.  I watched the light for about 10 seconds until i realized that i had my Iphone in my hand.  I took approximately 4 minutes of video of this thing moving through the sky in every direction.  I kept building and trees in view so as to gauge speed and movement of the object.   It would accelerate instantly then stop and change direction instantly.  The object was without doubt the brightest thing in the sky.  Stadium light in the sky would be the closest description i could give.   The video gives the brighntness of this object no justice but does clearly show the incredible movement of the object.   I have saved a permanent copy of the video on my hard drive for anyone who thinks i have  hoaxed this and have posted a video on you tube under the title Yuma UFO May 15.  It was not a helicopter or plane.  Look for! yourself.   The File is in HD and 434 MB."
"Bright white light moving in a weird pattern. I was smoking a cigarette and I can see plans around area.  I see a round bright light moving right to left pretty far away then it turned was coming closer.   Not close enough to make a clear judgement what it was and then went backwards and back to moving left.  It was moving key fat also.  Very of how it moved which is why I took notice.   I came in because I was getting ate up by mosquitos.   Very odd though."
"Twinkling flashing horizontal/lengthwise lights over Wasatch Mtn Range, North Salt Lake, UT Seen east over the Wasatch Mtn range high in the sky...could be saucer shaped or cigar.  Has flashing lights with an occasional red flash...has not moved in an hour.  Star like twinkling but seems lights are flashing horizontal/lengthwise (so not like a star). Also, a misty angled long flash appeared next to it lasting only a split second.  Saw flashes of pin lights surrounding it. Has only moved slightly wast from it's position over the last 1 1/2 hrs. We are out on the deck every night and have not seen this one before.  And activity seen has usually been between the hours of 1am to 6am, though on 2 occasions one at 21:30 and 23:00hrs but didn't look like this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright light falling from sky into Ocean, close to earth. Caught a bright light falling from the sky at around 22:00. It almost looked like a helicopter light, it was bright and traveling east to west. When all the sudden it literally fell from the sky. Couldn\u2019t catch where it landed as it went behind a high rise towards the ocean. Possibly into the ocean? Near Santa Monica or south of there? It never reappeared so I can only assume it was heading towards the water. No sound. Couldn\u2019t tell how close or far away, but there was cloud/smoke (from a wildfire farther north) coverage across all of Los Angeles and visibility was low. Could not see stars or moon due to it."
"2 large orange lights from southeast to northwest route, absolutley no sound It was an orange ball that I spotted in the southeastern sky and went to northwestern route out of site.   It was very bright and was just under the cloud cover because the lights reflected in the clouds.  There was no sound when it went directly overhead.  Maybe 3 minutes pass and another one went the same exact route and was the orange color.   I could see a physical shape because of the bright lights. I know it was not a plane with landing lights on.  The night was very still, no wind what so ever."
"Bright light in sky zoomed by at an incredible speed. I was driving on a road surrounded by marsh so I had a great view of the sky. I looked up in the sky noticing the airplanes lights about to land at Logan when a bright light went by so fast it couldn't have been anything I ever saw before.  I thought maybe it could have been a comet or falling star but it looked like it was going up and was very bright and looked like a light.  It looked to be really low also.  It went into some clouds and then was gone."
"My friends and I seen a orange glowing ball hovering over the town of Tecumseh, ON.  We were at a April Wine concert, at the Corn Fest in Lacasse Park. Midway through the show I noticed the object hovering above the tree line E of the edge of the park.  It was going N towards the Detroit River and Lake St. Clair.  It did not seem to be flying straight but more like floating.  Then it disappeared behind the tree line and it made no noise at all.  There was at least 500 at the concert and probably 2000 at the Corn Fest so I am sure I am not the only one who seen it.  Being it was the same exact looking object i seen in Port Elgin ON and Belle River ON the month before, I knew right away what I was seeing...  It feels to me like they want to expose themselves a little bit at a time to large groups in order to prep us for full disclosure."
"Ball of fire was dancing around in the sky above Ridgecrest, Ca at exactly 8:40 p.m. We were driving north bound, when we saw a big orange light above us. The light was also heading north bound. My husband made a u-turn to park in an empty parking lot across the street to get a good look. When we parked, we were surprised to see the the light had also changed direction and was in the sky in front of us. The light became very bright and blurry. No matter how much we stared at it, neither of us could focus on it. It danced in the sky from side to side in an unsual pattern. I noticed three men across the street outside a coffee shop. They were also looking up at this strange object. It was a big ball of fire. The way it moved in the sky was unlike anything I have ever seen. Afer five minutes tiny balls of fire dropped from the huge ball of fire. When this happened, I got scared. I didn't know what was falling. I even told my husband to get back in the car. Several of these smaller balls of fire fell from the large one. As the objects fell, the original fire ball shrank in size until it was gone. Once it was gone, I looked back over to the men that were across the street looking up at it. I told my husband that we should drive up to them and ask them if they could make sense of what we had just seen. Unfortunately, they got in there car and left before we could get to them. Once again, this ball of fire dancing around in the sky was unlike anything I've ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"two orange lights moving very fast and turning I went outside to get a cell phone charger out of my car and looked up at the stars and observed a pair of dim orange/red lights moving very rapidly from east to west.  As they went out of sight they seemed to turn from side to side."
"fast craft Amazingly seen craft moving over sky.checked all satelites ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The red light stayed in the same spot then moved slightly and disapeared.  The light was pulsating. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright orange object that was really bright in itself, but did not cast any glow.  Newspapers don't have any info. This was really strange. The light stayed solid for about 3 or 4 minutes, then began to dim. Once it had almost disappeared, there was a bright white light, and then it was gone."
"Two bright yellow/orange lights moving Northwest to Southeast over North Kingstown, RI On the evening of March 30, 2013 my wife, brother in law and I were sitting in our backyard.  At approximately 20:20 PM I looked up and noticed a bright yellow / orange light moving from the Northwest to the Southeast.  I noticed it when it was above our location.   The light was very bright, much brighter than any surrounding stars and much brighter than the landing lights on a commercial airliner.  It did not blink, but had a slight flicker.  We also did not hear any sound.   As it passed our location, at about 45 degrees from the horizon, the light began to fade and we could not see it any longer.   Approximately 8 minutes later another object of the same color and brightness passed overhead and followed the same direction as the first. It too faded as it approached the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"My Name Is ((name deleted)),  As far as I could remember I have wanted to tell my story so when I called the HOT line I was so excited that someone would listen to my story and it is a story that I think the world should know.  I was only six or seven years old when I awoke in my livingroom as bits and pieces come to mind I fiind I have been through a lot more than I ever thought I could imagine in this whole wide world. Its been a very hard thing to explain something so unusualle to the world but this actually happened to me. I awake in the Morning hours and saw a Alien in my house next to the chair that mY father sat in and remember it very clear as it was a grey creature and as I remember more and more I remember it taking me out of my own bed and then it took my sister and she says she was given a chip in the leg. I do not know what they did to me but bits and pieces are now coming to mind in my head as I lay at night and wonder what happened to me. I do not remember these things but I remember my fam! ily telling me I used to wake up at night and scream I love you MOMMY I love YOU Daddy at the top of my lungs and they remember being helpless as to why I was doing that I still to this day do not remember any of this.  But I remember seeing that creature in my home and it took my oldest sister and myself for what reasons I can not explain.  I was only six or seven years old when this happened as we lived on 20 acres of land it was like this all around are area no homes nothing but land. This has haunted me through out my whole life and I have been scared that they are taking me again and again and do NOT know what or when or what reason for any of this. I only wish I could speak to someone about what happened to me and why? It is unusualle and Why a Child is beyond my belief as to what reason something like this would happen to a little girl. But it did.. It did happen and If you do NOT believe me you could as my own sister.. She remembers much more than I do but at this tim! e I do NOT know if she is even speaking about it but I have to! or I wo uld just go nuts thinking about this whole situation..  Why me..  Why a little girl. I have often thought about going to a hypnosis and find out more about what happened to me but it will not do me any good as I think in my mind to know what happened unless there was cause to be alarmed as to why this would happen to a young girl as bright and happy as I was when I was a child.. I do NOT remember screaming for my mother or my father.. I tried to scream when I was a kid for MY Mommy but The creature would not let me.. I know it was a female creature as she smiled at me as to say its ok before she disappeared into the morning. I have never opened up and told this story only to my family who thinks I am nothing but crazy only MY oldest sister doesnt think so for she remembers being takien as well but did not know I went with her.. I guess this will be something I have to live with since the Government doesnt care what happened or why or what this is all about and they think we ar! e nuts the people who have been taken.. I am one of them and I know for sure a child would not lie about something so tramatic that happened in her life..  I only wish I had someone to talk to about this as it is time to come out.. I am 53 years old now and things are coming to me all the time about this little girl that was taken and who knows what they did to me.. BUT today is the day to let the world know that children are also not safe and they too can be taken by these Aliens as I was.. I DO hope that someone would email me as I sure could use a support group of people who have been through what I have.. it is a thing I will not forget they were clammy and rubber feeling why I do NOT know.. I know nothing more than I remember as I was a child.. But this is the truth and nothing but the truth.. Thanks to all of you who actually care and who ever wants to know more please email me with who I am to talk to about something that happened to me in the 60's not sure of the dat! es just put down what I remembered as far as I could.. I was so young. Thanks again for listening.. I do hope I get a email with a support group of people who have been through what I have.. Gerri"
"Bright light hovering over city. It was on November 10, 2008 that Dad, my Grandpa, and me were going from Colorado Springs to Pagosa Springs for a hunting trip. It was about 6:30pm, we were near the end of the 5hr drive and were coming down from a mountain pass called, Wolf Creek Pass. Coming down the hill you can see the city below. It isn\u2019t a big city so the lights didn\u2019t really block out the stars at all. We were in a 3 seat truck with my grandpa driving, me in the middle and my dad next to me. I was chatting with my grandpa when my dad asked what planet he was looking at. I looked and saw a very bright light that was off in the distance. I said that I didn\u2019t think it was a planet because it was so bright, I thought it was a helicopter. At that time the light seemed to collapse on itself and disappear. This really freaked me out because of how fast it was gone. About 10sec later it appeared again a little ways to the right. Now it seemed brighter and it started to fade in and out of sight. My grandpa said that he thought it was a plane, I told him I didn\u2019t think so because it was just sitting there. It then stopped flashing and just stayed there. All three of us were so drawn by the object that my grandpa almost hit an Elk that was standing on the road. After that the object just stayed there and as we got closer to the city the object was even brighter and we could definitely tell that it was over the city. That\u2019s when we saw airplanes flying around the light. That\u2019s when the light started flashing again and started moving off into the distance every time it did it. The airplanes seemed to go with it. After that we saw it for a couple more minutes and then it was gone. I have really changed my belief about UFOs after this. I once did not believe in the possibility of them, now I do think something is out there."
"I saw the moon and above it was I thought was Venus and there was something green and that's why I took a picture and I guess or something flying in the sky.  I have a picture. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested a copy of the photo, but have not received it yet.  PD))"
"Strange sighting of soft orange light. During a family camping trip to Pine Mountain for my kids dally break we all were sitting around the fire roasting marshmallows and talking when my mother inlaw pointed out an object that appeared at first to be a plane on fire it was flying above the tree tops and not losing altitude but was gaining speed.  I listen to try and hear something but nothing came of it, so I watched as it disappeared over the tree tops headed straight toward Columbus, GA.  The next day I searched to see if I could find anything about a plane crash, but all I found were reports of the same thing being spotted all over the east coast from Michigan to Florida."
"On the evening of December 21, 2007, I was driving on Interstate H-1 on the island of Oahu.  The incident occurred at approximately 7:13 pm Hawaii Standard Time (UTC-10) and I was on my way home after attending a Christmas party at the Pearl Ultralounge.   The night was black, no stars, with light, intermittent rain falling.  As I drove down H-1, there were numerous other cars present when the incident occurred.   I observed in the sky an unusual aircraft flying overhead from the mountains towards the Pacific Ocean with two extremely bright lights (a small white light, and an extremely bright pink light) far too bright to be normal anti-collision lights.  My estimation is that the distance of the object from myself was probably less than five miles.  The object appeared to be operating at an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet above ground level and maintained steady altitude as it headed towards the ocean, flying above what appeared to be the Kalihi area.  During that time, green fireworks were being fired over the city at that time, but the object I observed was by no means the explosion of a firework or a signal flare because it did not suddenly ascend or slowly descend as one might expect of a parachute-retarded flare; rather, the object moved slowly on a level flight path from the mountains to the ocean.   I could not see any distinguishing features on the object, because its lights were so bright.  As I drove down the road, I continued to visually track the object for a period of approximately two minutes, when suddenly the object disappeared completely.  I must emphasize strongly that the object did not \"fade away\" or fly behind a building or mountain causing it to be obscured from view, but rather completely vanished as if one minute it was there, the next minute it was gone. That evening I was completely alert, not fatigued in any way, and I had not consumed any alcoholic beverages.  I am not currently taking any form of medication and I am in good health.   My estimation is at that time of night and level of traffic, many people must have seen the object from H-1.  I was extremely disturbed by what I saw and felt compelled to report it."
"High Slow Long Dark Vertical Object Flashing White Light On March 23, 2017, while on morning break in Scarborough, Ontario I was outside admiring near clear sky.  Could see very high seagulls moving about just west above.  Then there was one alone which I thought to take one picture to just confirm it  It look a little different in movement by the naked eye  The time would be 10:02 am # 8462  After about 9 minutes later To my surprise could see north of the roof at 10:11 am Less than quarter mile away and very high - thousands of feet up  This long dark vertical object flashing white lights continuously It moved very slow from west to east Seconds after witnessing this pulled out my camera and filmed ASAP It was just flashing on and off moving across my view to the north As soon as it passed the building eastward It slowly changed direction Heading now southeast as I took my last few pictures of it at 10:16 am passing the roof southeast  After examining ALL the pictures  The first picture [8462 ] to which I thought was a high flying seagull at 10:02 am Is in fact NOT a seagull It is roundish in shape as well different in color/s in appearance  The second last picture [ # 8485 ] has captured this unknown long dark vertical object without any flashing lights Last picture [8486] taken illustrates two lights flashing - top and bottom   Now I do wonder is this the same object photographed at 10:02 am Both certainly do appear to be quite different in appearance  The second one being so high must have had size to it in length  These images were taken on a slight zoom being so high   You should get the images after this report is submitted  Enjoy the images ((NUFORC Note:  Photo indicates a tiny, blurry, light-colored object.  We cannot certify that the object is an authentic UFO.  pD))"
"star-like shape in sky moved in triangular patterns for about 15 minutes before stopping-2 witnesses I hesitated to even report this because I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy, but I saw the event with my housemate, so I have someone to corroborate.   It's not much to report as far as a craft goes, because it was so far away it looked like a star; however , it's movements made it a craft of some kind.  It moved in a triangular pattern for quite awhile.   I mostly wanted to know if there were other reports from the same time.   Please contact me if so.  I tried to film it on my digital camera, but because it was night, I'm not sure how well it came out yet.   It's location was approximately 40 degrees up into the northern sky"
"Fast moving oval object very bright orange hovered then flew off I saw a bright orange oval flying in a straight line coming from the West and heading East, I thought it was a satelite until it stopped moving.  It stopped moving for about 30 seconds then then began moving in in irregular patterns like the letter \"S\", and did so for about  2 minutes at speeds faster then an aircraft. Then the object slowed down and proceeded to travel North till I lost sight of it over Wolcott Mt."
"saw a 30 yard sphere about 50 yards from me about 200 yards up.  It maid a humming sound it disappeared right in front of me. Freaky. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"it looked like a fire ball or a shooting star and it was just steaming steadily across the dark sky in the early morning it was visible longer than 30-45 seconds but thats the length of time i saw it before i turned off the street i saw it on and could no longer see it behind the trees I was on route-44 boston turnpike between CVS and Sabrina Pools"
"Bluish bright ball of light soars over low clouds over neighborhood east to west, lit up sky, saw between cloud breaking. I am a 26 year old female.  I was outside having a cigarette break watching the storm in my backyard. I love storms - the thunder, rain, lightning.  I just stare at the sky watching for lightning.  Nothing seemed out of the ordinary until I noticed the sky started to get brighter and bluer.   Just as I was thinking \"huh, that's weird,\" a blue ball of light soared over the clouds low over my backyard, from east to west.  I didn't know it was a ball of light until it went over a part of the sky where the clouds broke up.  Right after, there was lightning.  I tried to think it was just part of the lightning, but the object in question didn't flash, just glowing and passed over swiftly.  It didn't make any noise.  It had an aura about it, and emanated light all around it, but you could tell the shape was spherical.  I just sat there with my jaw dropped.  I kept trying to rationalize what it was.  I entertained the thought it was a meteor about to hit the earth, and sat there waiting for the ground to shake.  Nothing happened, though.  I stayed outside for 15-20 minutes waiting for something to happen as if to explain it.  I have no idea what it was that I saw.  I only know that it was an unidentified flying object."
"Red lights."
"Metal sphere seen over a car dealership Above the Chevy dealership in Clifton Park I saw a reflective object in the sky.  At first, all I saw was the light shining off the object and I thought it was a plane.   Once I was alongside it, I saw that it was not moving.  It looked like an egg shaped metal sphere about 500 feet high.  I was driving so I could only glance at it."
"High altitude night flare over residential area? I am reporting this nearly a year after the experience, but due to online messaging logs I can tell precisely when it was.   I was out in my backyard smoking when all of a sudden, my surroundings became illuminated as if in daylight, or at least a very strong overhead light.   Frozen in fear, I looked up at the sky, seconds after the illumination began, and witnessed only what appeared to be a white burning horizontal column moving across the sky, appearing to be very high in altitude, and casting off white embers.   There was no sound, nor detectable smells, and the white column appeared to \"burn out,\" in any event going away with the illumination receding.   Some type of aerial flare or what? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orbs of lights 13+ in waves flying west near Midway airport. At around ten thirty I let my dog out in the back yard, I was letting her do her business and I was starring at the moon while there was a break in the clouds. I saw one bright orb moving west pretty fast, then I noticed it was one of three in a triangle pattern flying at same speed/ same distance apart. I kept looking up and saw more of these lights. Some came in pairs of two's and a couple more times in a triangle pattern.  Maintained the same speed and kept the same distance apart, also they all moved east to west.  No blinking lights on any of these, no signs of being planes.  I have lived near Midway airport all my life and I know how to distinguish planes.  I was just stuck watching as waves kept coming.  I went up to get my cell phone but the lights were to far to show up on my cell phone camera. I told my mom to come and check them out as we were watching more pairs pass my father came home from work and joined us.  He grabbed his binoculars and saw just a! solid color some were green some were orange.  This went on for at least 15-20 min before the cloud cover became to much, but through the patches and breaks in the clouds I saw at least 13-15 of these balls.  Im not sure what they were but me and my family were just awed by how many kept coming and the frequency.  I know this was the night the big solar flare was suppose to hit us, not sure if this could have anything at all to do with this event."
"we where driving down a country road when the driver of the car noticed it first.  it was just above the tree line flying no more than seventy miles an hour.it was disk sha-ed,grey,and had blue,green and amber running lights flashing all around it.we followed it for about five minutes on the main road then had to go down a dirt road for a few minutes more.the saucer finally came to a halt and was just hovering over the trees.the saucer did not make any noise and had a dome at the to- and a smaller dome at the bottom.as we watched it,shields rose u- and a large window could be seen on the u--er dome.at first we could only see shadows,as if someone was walking around inside,then a humanoid a--eared in the window.we watched her for several minutes then she saw us.this humanoid had no hair,no ears,was grey colored and was wearing a silver form fitting suit.the reason i said it was a she is because of her reaction when she saw us;a look of sur-rise then she -ut he! r hand over her mouth and backed out of our sight.the shields came down and the craft rose u- about twenty feet then slowly moved to the left about twenty more feet,then shot into the air and made its own cloud as it ascended.yes we lost about twenty minutes of time and our curiosity turned into fear and wonderment ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Strange object in night sky My boyfriend and I had a few friends over Saturday night.  We were sitting around a fire in our backyard.  We seen two jets fly by going really fast.  We did not think anything of it until someone noticed something strange hovering over our house.   We all turned in the direction of this object.  I was not the first to see this.  The person who did said after we all moved to get a better look it looked alot smaller.  It resembled a hot air ballon, but not right side up.  It looked sideways instead of up and down, left to right.  Its really hard to find the exact words to describe it.  It looked like a fire burning on the end of the object but inside.  Like a candle would flicker, I could see this at the small end of the object.   I really couldn't believe that this thing was right there in the sky.  It almost looked like a lantern like the outside of it, or the material it was made of was sheer.  Like I said you could see a flame or something flicker inside.  ! No sound was made.  It looked to be an off white color, then a reddish, last was an orange color. The colors were throughout the object at the same time.  It didnt change color.   The weirdest thing about all of it was when I tried to take a picture of it, my camera malfunctioned.  It took about seven tries to get a picture taken and by that time it was almost gone. All you can see is a red dot in the sky.  I will eventually try to have these magnified.   Also my camera low battery light started blinking when I tried to take the picture.  Later it stopped and still has the same batteries with no problems.   I am quite unsure about what good this report is going to do.  I feel very disturbed by what I have seen and I believe that no one will ever be able to explain what I saw.  I am scared that I will be laughed at or ridiculed if I speak to others about this.  I would love to learn more about what I have seen or talk to others.  I'm sure you probably get alot of reports but I assure you that this account is true.   I have seen shows before where people say they have seen things and I was never decided if it could be true or not.   Now I know how they must have felt."
"Orange lights in the sky hover over the SC coast near Myrtle Beach. Leaving work in Murrells Inlet, SC (just south of Myrtle Beach) I witnessed an orange sphere in an otherwise clear nighttime sky out over the Atlantic Ocean.  It moved slowly left and right, disappeared, reappeared in a different position and was then joined by two additional orange lights.  The lights did not disappear and reappear behind clouds because their were no clouds.  Though it was humid and hazy I could make out stars in the sky.   All three dissappeared and I waited to see if they would reappear and they did not."
"Bright brilliant orange cylinder object about New Market Gap, with light flying from it and coming back to craft. The object was seen from the road near Luray Caverns airport.  It was above a cloud over the New Market Gap.  It was shaped like a tube, it was bright shiny orange as if reflecting the sunset behind it.  A light flew out of it and then came back to the craft.   After about 5 minutes it disappeared. I was alone so I don't know if anybody else saw it.   Many years ago, in the early seventies, at Christmas, my family and I saw very bright lights in the same area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red light over bemidji mn slowly moving east I went outside to put my truck in the garage,after i put in i stood on my driveway finishing my smoke and something cought my eye, i looked up and seen a round red object slowly going accross the sky heading east so i ran in the house to get my wife so she could see what i was looking at and to make sure i was not seeing things.  She also saw the red ball heading east but just after she was able to get a real good look, the object went away out of vew.  The red light was not blinking or flashing so i just cant figure out what it was.  All my life iv wanted to see a ufo, i cant say this was but i do know iv never seen anything like that before."
"I was outside, the sky was very clear and blue.  I witnessed a very bright flash in the NW sky.  It last for only a second or two, it was a verticle flash with what seemed like sparks coming from it.  There was a puff of smoke in the sky for several minutes afterward.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probable meteor??  A rather dramatic meteor was reported to the American Meteor Society website for the approximate time period indicated by this report.  PD))"
"UFO over Ocean City, Maryland My girlfriend and I had just returned from the Clarion and were staying at the Carousel on 118th street in Ocean City, Md.  It was around an estimated 1130pm, November 27th, 2010 and we were out on the balcony.  Our room was on the 2nd level, oceanfront, so we were about 50yds from the coastline.  She was reclining on one of the balcony chairs and I stated, \"Hey baby, baby.  What is that?\"   When i noticed it, the object was directly perpendicular to me traveling in a southern direction 40-50yds above the coastline, probably 30 or 40yds from my deck.  I estimate the speed of the unidentified object to be around 25-30mph.  It was dark and very quiet that night and there was not a sound to be heard besides a very ominous silence.  Perhaps a humming or a feeling of something actually being there was what made me look to the sky.  What i saw was a silouette of a triangular craft with about 9 afterburners on the underside.  Four or five on the left definetly, four or five on! the right that were harder to make out because of the difficult angle which really gives a better visual as to how close this craft really was to my position, and 1 afterburner in the lead on this craft which was heading south along the coastline.  These lights were very odd in that they didn't glow bright like any typical vertical afterburner or exhaust nor did they burn like any conventional horizontal exhaust type aircraft.  These lights maintained a steady maroon/deep dull red glow that almost blended in with the nightscape.  I watched it travel at least 75 yds before it disappeared and during this event there was still no evidence of any type of lights.  I spent 4yrs on an aircraft carrier so I know personally that when an aircraft flys along a coast with no port or starboard lights, no running lights, and no sound whatsoever at such a low altitude, then it must be unidentified.  I challenge anyone to give a flight log of anyone flying the coast that night between the hours of 11pm and 1am that night."
"Four triangular craft, three in formation, forth trying some stunts Two craft traveled east to west, entered my view from behind.  Seconds after the first passed, two more craft joined into a formation.   Three of the craft continued formation, the forth looped and zagged then returned to its place.  The craft appeared to be typical airplane shape - the triangular shape of a planes wings; without the body of the plane. Maybe like a stealth?   The craft were bottom lit, the lights outlined the outside diameter, rather than one light on the tip, like the usual airplane.  The lights were a soft amber. None of us were able to hear engine noise. During this sighting, we were able to look away from the craft, verify that each other were seeing the same thing, then find the craft on route. Note, there is an air-force base to our north west, and to the west, a smaller airport. However, these craft appeared to be too high to land at a strip so close by."
"Observed 6 spherical objects with binoculars moving uniformly to the NE in a clear blue early evening sky At approximately 7:05 PM ET on Sept. 11, 2015, in north-central West Virginia (near Philippi, WV), while relaxing on my back deck and watching aircraft fly over my area from a lying position with a pair of 8x42 binoculars, I observed a total of six (6) round or spherical objects near the zenith, moving in a Northeast direction.  I first observed two (2) objects and after slowly scanning the area nearby I saw four (4) additional objects.  I observed all six (6) for approximately 5 minutes before my view was obscured by the roof of my house.   The six objects moved together in a fairly uniform configuration that changed only slightly during this period.  When I lost my view, I moved quickly to find them again, but was unsuccessful in locating them a second time.  They appeared white to silver-white in color, and were all the same size in diameter.  These objects were only visible through the binoculars and not visible via the naked eye.  Having no frame of reference, I was unable to judge or estimate their size or the distance to their location.  It is possible they were balloons of some type but they would probably had to have been some type of cord connecting them together for them to move so uniformly.  I do believe, based on what I saw, that had I been able to observe them for a longer period, that they would have continued their uniform pattern movement.  I was alone at that time so no one else saw them. The sky was very clear, air temperature around 73 degrees F with moderate humidity around 70%. FYI, this is my first UFO sighting of something I could not easily explain or identify."
"Large Ball of orange light with no sound.  A  ball of orange light traveling across the sky as if on a path as the natural curvature of the earth. No sound at all.   Was not a fireball. 200 sightings were reported on the local news. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright light in sky 12/28/2012 Riverdale, MI Last night, at 8:00 pm, I was coming home from work, traveling south on a county road.   I noticed in the sky about 300 feet above tree level a bright white light.  After about a mile I concluded it must be a spotlight from a helicopter.  The light remained fixed, slightly to the east of the road.   As I approached my home I turned into the drive and the light remained fixed in the sky above and behind my garage.  As my headlights illuminated the garage the light dropped rapidly behind the garage.   I parked my car and walked to the back of the yard to investigate.  The tree line, approximately 600 feet in back of a tilled field, was backlight with a bright light.  I went into the house retrieved a flashlight and camera.  I then proceeded down a lane on the south property line. The backlight was no longer bright but more of an amber color.  Because it was a full moon and the ground was snow covered I kept the flashlight off as I approached.   I was within 100 feet of the tree lin! e when the amber light went suddenly out.  At this point I lost my nerve and returned to the house, locked the door and closed the curtains.    This morning I walked to the back of our property to complete my investigation.  There was nothing to indicate anything unusual happen the night before."
"Ring of blue lights approx 200 in diameter slowly flying cross night sky at 500 feet in 1966 Some background on me in 1966:  This happened in 1966 when I was 10 years old.  My father was a professional pilot and owns his own small plane so I grew up around aircraft and airports.  Also, nearby our home was a spot called Mile Square where the Marine pilots practiced in Helicopters prior to deployment to Vietnam so I can say I saw all kinds of Hellos daily.  Living in Southern California, Fountain Valley, if you didn\u2019t see the Good Year Blimp at least once a week  It was only because you never look up.  I am now 55 and retired from a fulfilling career in aviation and have seen a lot of things but nothing like what I saw when I was 10 and I would like to share this long kept sighting. The Event: It was early November 1966 a Friday night my parents are out to dinner and my big sister wants me to ride to the store with her, I check the time it\u2019s 7:20 pm, I tell her sure but we need to be back in time for a TV show I want to watch at 8, ok.  We leave and arrive at  Savon Drug Store on Brookhurst and Adams in Huntington Bch. Ca.  As we are pulling into the parking area its dark out and they have one of these old WWII Spotlights with its own generator on a trailer sweeping the night sky back and forth.  My Sister parks the car 2 isles back from the front door and I start to sweat the time, it\u2019s now 7:40 and my show starts at 8.   We get out of the car and start to walk to the front door of Savon and for some reason I decide I want to turn around and see if the spot light is shining on anything and what I saw was nothing less than amazing!  just outside of the beam in the sky was this large circle of blue lights coming our way and very low and slow.  I jumped up and down and quote yelled \u201cLOOK AT THAT THING, LOOK AT IT!\u201d  I just could not believe I was actually seeing what I was seeing,  I glanced to my Sister and she was just walking away and a few other people maybe 7 of them nearby were just walking ahead looking straight forward, I yelled out again, now the lights were right beside me, I guess it was at about 500 feet altitude and about 200 feet across in size judging from how big the parking lot is and how low it was over it.  I was just at its port edge now as it slowly and quietly cruised by at what I estimated to be maybe 40mph. One last scream to the people and my sister \u201cLOOK AT THIS THING!\u201d and no one was in my area anyway now only me.  As it was passing beside me I heard this very low low continues metallic gong sound, it lasted about 5 seconds then the craft was gone from sight and weird now I could hear the spot light generator running again. My sister was waiting for me at the front door and I ran up to her and said did you see it? Di! d you look at it? and she said look at what?  I said the UFO li! ghts! ev erybody around was staring at us now and my sister promptly told me to quit embarrassing her. SO I hushed up at least until we got back into the car and then I gave her the full description of what a once in a lifetime sight she missed and it went like this. Description of the Craft:  Now my view of the craft was from the ground looking up so I can only describe the bottom of it as it went by and it went by very slow maybe 40mph and altitude of approximately 500 feet  and the port edge was almost directly above me as it passed by from my right to left (or headed East). The craft was a round circle of evenly spaced blue lights; maybe 24 to 30 of them which made it look to be about 200 feet across in size. As it came closer I noticed 2 pairs of red lights 180 degrees across from each other slowly rotating just outside of the blue lights counter clockwise at maybe 30 rpm. I was looking hard to see or hear a helicopter or blimp that thing was hanging from but there wasn\u2019t and it was completely stable. As it came directly in front of me it was only then that I could see there was a body to this thing, it was extremely hard to see even with the blue lights around it. The color was a charcoal black thinly streaked by a storm cloud gray color. The center/middle b! ottom came down in a concave arc maybe 20 feet across and possibly 20 feet lower than the blue lights on the edge.  At this point I was fascinated by the clarity and beauty of the blue lights, they were so bright yet they gave out no glow and projected no beam, they appeared to be behind faceted lenses.  Then there was the pair of 2 red lights rotating. They appeared to be on white colored very short winglets or tabs and were rotating just outside the blue lights and slightly higher and brighter. Other than color they were the same size and brilliance as the blue lights, I estimate the diameter of all the lights to be 2-3 feet.  Then as it came beside me there was the barely audible metallic gong sound humming and lasted till it disappeared from my sight beyond the roof tops.  And that is what I saw and heard as clear as clear is, it was a fascinating  sight that I can still visualize like it happen last week, must be true what is said about how some things can make a  lasting ! impressions. Sighting Confirmation! I will tell you that weekend around my family was not a highlight for me.  When I got up Saturday morning everyone had heard my story from my sister and were ready to have fun with me and did, all except my Dad, he just gave me a one eyebrow raised high expression when I told him about it. So I learned real quick this was a sighting that I would not share with many. It\u2019s now Monday and my sister comes home from her job around 5:20 pm.  She comes up to me with a serious look and tells me she heard something at work I might be interested in knowing? I feel a setup coming on but say sure!  She tells me her coworker told her of a story her Dad and Brother shared when they returned home late Sunday excited with this story of what they saw while they were out camping.  They describe the exact same thing I saw to a Tee! but my sister says that\u2019s not the only interesting thing,  they were camping  in a remote area of the mountains that is located about 300 miles from where I was when I saw it, she said they had checked their time and they saw it at 7:50, 9 minutes after I saw it 300 miles away !   YES!  I did ask my sister if she was just trying to make me feel better and making this up.  She said absolutely not!  And for the next 45 years she never doubted this sighting again. Hindsight from 45 years later:  I\u2019m really amazed that this craft was able to cruse right over the most densely populated area of Southern California and it didn\u2019t make headlines but it was very stealth.  The shape lends itself to electronic stealth, and if the blue lights were not on I never would have noticed it because the color blended into the night sky so well. I think the lights were on to facilitate some type scanning process.  Then the sound it made was very quiet and low pitch almost like the metallic body of the craft was resonating from giant magnets vibrating at a low frequency inside of it. And the fact that as this all was going on I remember everything else being so quite except for my yelling that I heard, I think it had a way of doing noise cancellation so most likely no one could have heard me yell. When it disappeared over the rooftop that is when I could hear the generator for the spot light running again and street traffic. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting in November 1966 is approximate.  PD))"
"Two objects with flashing multicolored lights tend to hover in the sky near my home every night at the same time frame. Every night at the same time two objects with different light patterns of flashing red, blue, yellow and white lights slowly come in and hover the back of my property. They remain there for anywhere between 2-4 hours. During this time they sometimes periodically seem to come closer or go farther out in the distance. They even move up and down but stay at a close proximity of where they initially begin to hover. They have been doing this that we know of at least a couple a week's ago, but could be longer. We didn't discover then until a drone was spotted at a very visible level after we heard a buzzing one afternoon over the front of our property. Once we spotted it it flew off to the back of the woods . I believe I heard another one flying in the woods on the same day just a few minutes after but never visibly seen it. Another drone, could have been the same one as before was also spotted again flying over the property line as it hovered above tree line. Of course not sure these are related but the drone was what opened our suspicions where we noticed the lights in the sky that are fairly low and definitely not normal. I believe to of seen tiny white droppings of light fall from one of these objects but no one else has noticed and I'm aware because of the creepiness my mind could be playing tricks on me. Although I am a firm believer in UFOs I'm hesitant to say that this could be one because of the fact they appear every night around the same time and they are at a constant hover. I believe this could be a drone case, but my research shows no investigations or surveillance using drones of this flight power in or around this area. If I can get a camera that can clearly record or photograph these objects I will send them in along with the date and times they are taken."
"Oval shaped objects Driving out to worksite, had stopped for breakfast at local conv. store and headed out toward McCamey to rig site. Noted oval shaped things floating around mountain tops, then disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"triangular object with bright red and green lights At about 12:40am, I saw out my bedroom window a triangular object of red and green lights.  It was flying about search helicopter height and moving slowly.  I only saw it for about 5 seconds before it went beyond the tree line.  It was a cloudy overcast night so the sky behind was light gray and made it very easy to see. It made no sound at all."
"I pulsating light descending over the water in Botswana on the Okavango Delta I don't know what I saw.  I was standing on the deck of my tent that was inside the Okavango Delta in Botswana.  I was admiring the night sky when I saw what I thought was a star but it began to move from the right going left.  It moved slowly and started to pulsate. It was a white light that was oval in shape and it intermittently pulsated.  It continued to move left and began to descend.  There is nothing out where I was.  The Delta is wetlands with animal life.  There is nothing flying at night and there are no night boats. There was no sound just sheer silence.  I was trying to figure out what this object could be as it continued to descend toward the water.  It suddenly vanished and I thought it was gone until seconds later I saw a strong, bright, pulsating light stationery over the water.  It stayed that way for several minutes.  It continued to be still and pulsate.   I finally left the deck and went back inside my tent.  I was disturbed by this but could not tell you why. I did not think to take a video of this as I kept trying to figure out what it could be.  As I went back inside it was still intermittently pulsating.  Without the pulsation you could not otherwise see anything. I am not a nut case and this has never happened to me before.  I have been reticent to even mention this but thought I should. I simply want to know what it could have been since there is no aircraft in this area except bush planes that fly only during the day.  There are no known lights in the area."
"There are two flashing lights in the southeastern sky in a fixed position.  They are flashing red, green, and blue lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"very huge round black object rose out of water over our heads It was in the fall of the year back in 2006, my husband and I, at the time now has since went to heaven.  I believe it was end of august.\u00a0 it was chilly enough for jackets. we were standing on the beach .you could see the cove from where we were at. we heard this puttering sound faint.  We could see something dark in the distance. my husband said, something about the motor.   well it came towards us. slow-no-noise rose itself up out of the water.- up over our heads- slow - it was so  (ginormous ) enormous that you could not take it all in. with no cameras, this is disbelief to you and others, but its true- big as a foot ball field- if two or me of me could stand on my husbands shoulders we could of touched it- went so slow you could not take the sight in.  IT CAME UP TOWARDS US- IT MUST HAVE BEEN EMERGING UP OUT OF THE WATER -THAT IS WHERE IT CAME UP AN OUT OF FLEW OVER OUR HEADS MABE 3 STORIES NOT MUCH MORE, ROUND LIKE, PEWTER BLACK,DOME ON TOP! SILVER DASHES AROUND THE DOME SEEN THE PILOT\u00a0 IN WHITE. THIS IS TRUE .WISH HAD CAMERA ONCE IN A LIFE TIME SHOT just wanted to share that little tidbit with you . never seen nothing like it.   There was so much for you to take in. just feet from us, there was a round hole in the middle looked like copper.  looked like it sat on something. had bands around a section\u00a0. little slots like a brick but bigger. lots bigger like something went in to those Lego looking pieces. when it reached the hill the end was towards us it it looked like the end of a car transmission tore out the back end was open--. the front round, went across the road up over the hill it was gone  like it disappeared.  And yes we did wave.  No response from them though.  my husband said; that cove is about 60feet or more deep.  after we went back to fishing we were talking about what happened.  The puttering must have been it emerging up from the water.  When it came up out of the water and it got above us there was no water coming off of it. it skimmed the hill inches from touching it ."
"Fireball over Bogota Colombia In 1973 I was living in Bogota Colombia, on the 30th floor of a 32 storey apartment building facing the city of Bogota which is surrounded by the Andes mountains.  One evening we were entertaining several people and happened to look out over the city and saw a huge fireball coming directly toward the city from the mountains across the valley.  It was travelling slowly, in a straight line and appeared to hang over Bogota for quite a while.  We noticed on either side of the city, coming up just over the lip of the mountains, a craft which would travel vertically up and down as if checking on the ball.  The ball travelled backwards towards the far end of the valley, began to descend and changed from red to white while descending.  For a two week period after that, at the same time every evening, we would see three craft come up over the lip of the mountains and one would come in and hang over the city.  It would be there one minute, then blink out as if you had turned off a light switch, then come on again. It would do all kinds of crazy loops and turns.   It would always travel back to the mountains in a straight line, and when it would descend behind the mountain ridge, would start to change color.  I watched this for 2 weeks and never forgot it.  The fireball was so big is seemed to be right over the city and you could see the heat emanating from it.  We checked the papers the next day but there was no story.  We think we saw this because we happened to be living in a tall apartment building.  I have never forgotten it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Nearly vertical series of lights (12 or 14 bluish with fucshia at the top) over Barrington Hills lasting for four seconds. As I looked up high in the southern sky and looked at the bright star or planet,  I saw a straight line of lights to the right of the star or planet.  The line was nearly vertical. It was angled 20 degrees to the right of vertical. I saw a series of lights - 12 or 14 pinpoint lights.  They were a bluish, light purple in color.  Then there was a bright light at the top.  I want to say that it was a fuchsia color, 10 times brighter than the bluish purple.   The series of lights never moved, but disappeared after about four seconds."
"saw a small blinking cloud like object fly directly overhead from my backyard at night. I was out in my backyard when I had an urge to look straight up overhead into a cloudless calm starry night sky.  I was a witness to the \"Phoenix Lights\" on 3/13/97 and for the last 10 years since then, I have been scanning the sky nightly without with camera close by, but have not seen anything since then... until this night.  What I saw is unlike anything I'd seen or heard of before.  It was certainly unexplainable.  It was way about 5 to 8 thousand feet and moving about as fast as a fixed wing aircraft would be flying.  The difference that set it apart from any aircraft is that it looked like a small cloud that was lit up from behind by a white  light.  As I watched it travel high in the center of the sky, it faded to black and then lit back up again. As it flew over it faded out and again and lit up again in perfect rythem as it headed straight southwards.  I ran inside to get my camera but by the time I got back (about 30 seconds) it was too far away to get a shot off.  There was no other light other than the one that blinked on and off from behind this cloudlike object.  As I watched it fly awy from me, it made a manuver unlike anything I\"ve ev.er witnesse then went out of sight as it was heading into the southward sky."
"Massive  UFO  at  Union Pacific Bailey Yard UFO Incident at   Union Pacific Bailey Yard I was working The East Hump helper  (switchman) on August 16, 1985. My job was to line the Hump Engine thru a clear track ..then get around train at west end. .then line switch  to proceed to the hill.  If Yardmaster said go 8-4.  You would send engine west thru 8, and then line 4 to the hill.   At around 6:00 PM ..I was waiting  in Pinner\u2019s Shack (located between Tracks 4 & 5) at East End to Climb on Train being Shoved at 5 mph by hump engine.  Suddenly the Speaker went off and front chair yardmaster was yelling  Do you see that?  Do you see that?  The ground was shaking and I came out of the Shack and to my Astonishment, when I looked Up   a   saw   a   huge Rectangular   Craft.  It was Massive!  It was 400 yards wide by   800 yards long in fact it almost covered   the whole East Receiving Yard which is about a mile and a quarter in length.  It was Black and light Silver in color and about every 50 \u2018 or so there  were round  turrets on it.  I believe this UFO was interested in the Train Movements because Union Pacific Bailey Yard located in North Platte, Nebraska is The World\u2019s Largest Rail Classification Yard. It hovered above me for a good 35-40 mins   and made a   whirring noise. .not really loud  but noticeable.  The Engineer and other helper on the Hump Engine   .saw it to  and  The Switch Foreman in Hump Tower and both Yardmasters also .  One Thing I will say I have never in my life seen anything leave so fast, this craft went from a standstill to being gone in about a second!  To my knowledge this has never been reported by anyone   and most like forgotten about.  But not for me..this haunts me like a  bad dream\u2026I remember this like it happened yesterday.  I can submit a sketch/drawing of it..however I will probably have to mail it  to you.(as I do not have any computer program that does that unfortunately).  When the Train finally came to the Hill..the Yardmaster stopped it.  I was told to come inside, In all my years in the Yard  this has only happened twice\u2026once in a Tornado Watch and this.  We discussed  what we all saw upstairs in the Yardmaster s area of the Tower.   We all decided not to say anything to avoid  being called kooks  or crazy.  I will verify that this incident did really happen and I have decided after all these years it needs reported."
"I noticed unusually bright red lights hovering silently over Baltimore last evening.  The bright red lights appeared to be in triangular formations.  I could not distinguish if they were individual objects in formation or triangular objects with very bright red lights in each corner.   I stood watching for several minutes until they were gone.  I never witnessed any air craft with such intensely red bright lights that hovers silently in triangular formation before last evening.   A friend visited me about a hour later who said that he had witnessed the same objects"
"The lights made triangular shapes And lines in the sky different shapes one seemed to be brighter than the rest of the lights they maintained suspended several minutes, people took video helicopters Hoovering the area most of the time.  not the first sightings in this area of Coronado island"
"Large white light with blue triangular glow sighted in Bluffton, SC sky We had just come out of a friend's house and were walking home when we noticed a light that was too bright in the night sky.  We stopped to look and saw that the light was moving, horizontally then vertically at what seemed like a very fast rate.  As we continued to look at the light, we could see a triangular glow from the craft-looked blue in color.  The craft was very high up.   A few planes were in the sky also and could tell that this craft was at a further distance.   We continued to watch the craft for another 15 minutes as it moved up and down, side to side so very quickly.  I know it's not either a plane or helicopter because neither can move quickly from vertical to horizontal.   I am a female, 59 years old who lives in Texas where my husband sighted a UFO on our ranch in College Station about 7-8 years ago.  We own an oilfield service company.  My companion at the sighting today is my sister-in-law.  She's 61 years old and a psychologist.  The other person who witnessed this event is a friend who is 60 years old and teaches 5th grade in the local elementary school."
"floating bright light over luboock,tx08-07-2012 10:30pm For the past 5 days we have been seeing a white orbe floating silently in the sky.  It was being followed by a large flying triangle of red lights.  In the sky ther was a formation of sets of triangle patterns in the sky,they look like stars but would shift directions.  The triangle of red lights hovered over the white orbe pulling it in and soon right on top, both flying together at same speed and dissapear together.  Soon after the sighting ther would be helicopters,at least 6 in the sky, like they wher looking for something. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"triangular object appearing at low level in the outskirts of Knoxville, TN We live in a rural community and have a long \u00bd mile gravel driveway with a field on the right hand side.  My three teenage and preteen children and I turned into the driveway and had stopped at the mailbox to get the mail when we saw some extremely bright lights at the far end of the field. I got out of the car and noticed it was moving slowly in a circular path.  It was triangular in shape, with 3 bright white lights at each corner.  The edges of the craft glowed with a dull silvery light.  It reminded me of the neon lights you see under cars.  In the center was an extremely large red light. It began to move slowly across the field and over the far end of my driveway.  I grabbed my phone and quickly took a picture with it as it passed over the woods on the other side of the driveway.  After about 45 seconds from when we first saw it and about 5-10 seconds after I took the picture it disappeared.  It did not shoot off, or leave any trails of light because of moving quickly, and did not go behind any hills or trees (there was nothing to obstruct the view).  It simple just disappeared.  My two oldest could verify the exact experience to my husband when we got to our house, so I know what we saw.  Hopefully, once I download my picture to my computer I will be able to zoom in and have it enhanced to better make out the objects shape.  Right now, the picture looks like a massively bright glowing object and you can see some metal at the edges of the light."
"I am a sceptic but seeing is beleiving   Me and my wife were walking our dogs when she saw a orange light in the sky.  I then looked up and saw what I told her was a shooting star.   Shortly after I realized it wasn't and I saw the object turn from orange to white to red and disappear.  We were both baffled and lost for words."
"Two blinking tiny flashes, red, white, blue, green.  Really far away to the north east when first seen.  Lost one heading southwest, other moved steady, but seemed to skip forward northeast then was to far to see or disappeared.  Moved as if you were trying to draw a straight line, not in a perfect line.  Seemed to skip forward vanishing then reappearing a distance ahead. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact  information.  PD))"
"Two lights hovering in the early, morning, sky for  almost a  half  hour. My husband and I were on our way to work this morning, and I  noticed two  lights hovering in the sky.   I told my husband to look at  the two lights.  At  first, he  said it was probably a  helicopter. I was sure it was not.  The two lights were stationery, and looked like a big craft.   There were no stars in the sky.  I observed them for the entire car ride.  By the time we got home, my husband knew it was not a helicopter! ((NUFORC Note:  Possible conjunction of Jupiter and Venus, which occurred on this date.  PD))"
"disk shaped object came  from bright blue and white light in the sky i was walking around in my room when i saw a round flash of light like a portel or something then i stared at the light and after ten 3-4 seconds it disapeered and then a round disk shaped oblject appered about 10-50 feet off the ground it had a bright red light on its top left side it also appearted to have 2 windows sideby side with light comeing from them it made no noise whatsoever it was moving at a speed of 5-10 miles N HOUR"
"9 sfere di colore rosso arancio, avvistate verso l'eur. Era sera, ore 22:35.  Ero uscito per prendere mio figlio a lavoro , quando all'improvviso mi colp\u00c3\u00ac il fatto che in cielo c'erano delle strane luci, di color rosso e arancio, avevano una forma sferica, su per gi\u00c3\u00b9 a venti metri di altezza, cercando di contarle costatai che erano 9.  Le sfere erano di un metro circa. Nel cercare di seguire le sfere, man a mano ne spariva una nel nulla.  Una scese di colpo e cercai di accostarmi con la macchina, avendo il cellulare pensai di riprendere il tutto con un filmato ma preso dall'attimo non feci in tempo, la sfera si avvicin\u00c3\u00b2 a me a 5 metri, la vidi distintamente, la sua forma era completamente sferica con luci che dal vicino potevo notare bianche rosse e arancio al suo interno.  A  primo impatto sembravano piccoli satelliti..  Cercai intento di rincorrerla con la macchina ma dopo poco spar\u00c3\u00ac!  Mai vista una cosa del genere! ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the person, who provides the translation appearing below.  PD)) ((TRANSLATION FROM THE ITALIAN VERSION)) \"9 spheres of reddish-orange color, sighted around (unknown word - cannot find in any dictionary; ?typo)) It was evening at 22:35.  I had gone out to pick up my son at work, when all of a sudden I was struck by the fact that there were strange lights in the sky which were reddish-orange and spherical in shape; and at approximately 20 meters altitude.  Attempting to count them, I ascertained there were 9.  The spheres were about a meter in diameter.  As I was trying to follow the spheres, gradually one of them disappeared completely.  One suddenly descended and I attempted to approach it in the car, hoping to get all on my cell phone as a short video; but before I could do so, the sphere approached me to within 5 meters at which point I was able to see distinctly that its shape was completely spherical with lights internally which, from up close, I was able to see were white, red, and orange.  My first impression was that they appeared to be little satellites  I was intent on running after it with the car, but after a brief period it disappeared.  I have never seen such a thing!\" ((END TRANSLATION))"
"Triangle shaped light formation of Florida golf coast. A large Light appeared off the golf coast looking north from Vanderbilt Beach towards Sanibel Island. It was redish white and it brightened enough to make a reflective streak across the water within seconds. It seemed to have been sitting there for a couple of minutes before it brightened and grabbed our attention. It slowly started moving away from the coast and then out of nowhere streaked out of view at the horizon. Needless to say it was a jaw-dropping sight that grabbed our attention. Less than a minute later there was a bright \"ping\" of light that came from the horizon in the same redish white hue. It seemed to signal the original light to come back. It's difficult to say how far this was happening away from us on the beach but if i had to guess i would say at least a mile away. My friend disagreed and claimed to have seen a rounded triangle solid object but i could not make out enough detail to verify. As it moved across the sky slowly the object/light split in 3 objects and moved apart to form a triangle formation that moved in a way that kept the exact proportions of the triangle. Abruptly all three lights shot across the sky and disappeared. The acceleration and speed i could not guess but it was like nothing i've seen; hundred of miles per hour. This whole process repeated a few times of reappearing and shooting off until it just stopped leaving me and my friend baffled and mystified by what was just witnessed. My name is Daniel and my friend Brett was also there. It was the last night of a vacation and it was a very silent night with the exception of the event. Never before had i given much thought to people describing their \"UFO\" events until this had happened. I don't claim to know what i saw but i do know as much as i can that it wasn't man made. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Two bright red lights that disappeared. A red ball of light looked like it was taking off going higher, and higher but in West direction.  I noticed 2 blinking lights had passed in front of the light, as it begain to fade, and disappear.   Then a second light from the same area that we seen the first light.  It was rising and rising till it disappeared."
"Solid orange lights arranged in the shape of the big dipper but with many more in the tail.  They floated in sync with each other and did not blink.   They were seen on a cloudy night and bright enough to see beyond a the flood lights on the soccer field.   They were drifting to the north west and went down behind the treeline.   The individual lights were a circle in shape and there was 12+."
"Transparent chevron shaped craft with six faint lights flying over the Elizabeth River On October 21st, 2015, I was working as a security boat captain providing security for a warship docked at BAE shipyard on the southern branch of the Elizabeth River, at approximately 130 a.m, myself and the one crew member aboard my vessel witnessed a very bizarre craft in the skies above downtown Norfolk.  The craft was flying in a southerly direction from directly over the waterside area of downtown Norfolk, proceeding towards and over the Norfolk Naval Shipyard.   It was a beautiful night and the skies were very clear, as we could see many of the star constellation.  We were enjoying the night talking about the two CH-60 helicopters that had flown overhead thirty minutes prior, when we spotted six faint orange or yellowish colored lights in the sky, judging only from its lights; as we could not see any structural definition, we believe based on the formation of lights that it was chevron shaped.  As the craft flew directly overhead of us, the faint lights were ! no longer visible and the craft was completely transparent, and did not have any discernible aircraft marking lights; which was very strange considering the fact it was flying through an extremely busy corridor.  We noticed a few other planes flying over in their normal landing procedure, strobes on as well as landing lights lit up, as we commonly see in the skies near Norfolk International airport.  I am retired military and my training as a stinger missile gunner required me to be able to identify all aircraft by their silhouette at any angle,  This was not any known aircraft I had ever seen, perhaps the most striking aspect of the incident was the complete silence surrounding it.  In viewing several commercial airliners after the incident occurred making their normal approaches at lower altitudes and taking note of the size they appeared based on our perspective, we estimate the size craft to be about 3-4 times larger than a normal commercial jet-liner.   The entire scene last! ed about 30 seconds. I have never witnessed anything like this! before, and I cannot even begin to  imagine the sort of technology needed to make a craft completely transparent, as well as totally silent."
"Six lights in the sky, then flew quickly to the left.  Never saw a ufo before.  Could not have been an aircraft.  Moved way to fast. There were six lights in the sky... Stationary then quickly flew to the left."
"3 lights to the south. 3 orange/red lights to the south probably between 20-30 miles away.  First in triangle formation.  The lights were stationary then each light began to move one at a time to the east."
"Blue-gray glowing object moved very fast and disappeared. On April 10, 2013, my husband and I, in separate cars were driving east on Interstate 10 in Redlands, California.  He was about a minute to 90 seconds behind me.  The time was about 9:12 p.m. PDT. Despite fairly heavy traffic around me, I noticed a very fast-moving object heading from north to south above the eastern horizon.  It was just above treetops from my view.  It was not fiery or bright like a meteorite, and it was far too fast to be any kind of aircraft.  It glowed enough to be visible, obviously, and was dull blue-gray. The size was very hard to judge, since I don't know how far away it was.  Compared to the planets, it was larger than Venus but not bright.  It did not leave a trail. Its path was straight.  I lost sight of it after perhaps 3 or 4 seconds. My husband had a clearer view from a higher point on the freeway.  He observed the object for 4 to 5 seconds before it disappeared on the horizon.  His impression of it was exactly the same as mine, the dull gray-blue, the flat trajectory.   He said it might have appeared smaller in size when it disappeared. On land, from the point where he first noticed it to where it vanished is a distance of about 15 miles. I pulled off the freeway and parked to watch the sky, and he pulled in a minute later.  I saw nothing else unusual.   He was glad I had seen the object, too, so I didn\u2019t dismiss it as a light reflected in his car\u2019s windshield. I have not been able to find anything on the web about similar sightings at that time."
"Three Red Glowing Lights Seen Over Gilbert, AZ - Moving and flashing making a triangular formation before vanishing. 3 of my teenage children and myself were getting into the car to go to the store when we witnessed 2 red lights that seemed to be intermittently twinkling.  We continued to watch the red lights and a third smaller one appeared, at which point all three lights became steadily lit and stopped twinkling.  They were in a half circle formation initially, but as the began to glow steady, they moved into a triangular formation.  Then one of the lights that was the smallest, located at the bottom left corner of the formation began to dim, and continued to dim until it completely vanished.  The red light on the bottom right of the formation became brighter, then moved more to the right and began to flash and grow dim as well, until it too, vanished completely.  The red light at the top of the triangular formation- the only light left, became brighter and continued to glow red and steady as it moved higher and higher into the sky until it was gone, just like the other two red lights."
"Hot air ballon shaped object I walked outside to make sure the heater for the animal pen was plugged in and I noticed through a space in the trees a little below the tree line, a box shaped object to my south east.  It looked like a hot air balloon with a really wide base.  It had a row of red blinking lights that would blink on and off in a rotating motion and would change direction and did not seem to follow any perticular pattern.  What alarmed me was the fact it wasn't moving and was just hovering in one spot.   I watched it for a minute or so and then I went and got my husband.  We watched the object for about another 20 seconds and then it just shot through the air leaving a streak of light like a shooting star does. We bought our house 2 years and this is our second experience.  Several months ago my husband stepped out back which faces north east and saw a very bright light that was so bright it hurt to look at it and that it was a disc shaped object, not sure how to judge its size.  It was right above the tree line several acres back on our property.  It scared him so he went back inside for a few minutes.  He went back outside a few minutes later so try to get a better look at it and it was gone."
"I was driving to work and I\u2019m the only one on the road. I saw a straight bright lights from the sky and I thought to myself it was a different kind of airplane... maybe the governments... I\u2019m a flight attendant and I knew right there that it was not a plane as it gets closer and dropping.  I saw the object going down fast sideways and tilted and when it came closer, I saw it was a big circle with white bright lights like a football field lights in squares and had blue and red colors on the side as well. It was too close that it can capture something... it was big like a circular building going down like a falcon,  then when I stopped at the corner, it was just gone like magic. I took a zoomed picture as I try to make it closer but I didn\u2019t know my phone had flash and it reflected on my windshield. But i got a vivid picture and u can see it as u zoom it."
"Bright orange point of light travelling very fast across sky . A friend and I witnessed an orange point of light traverse the sky in approximately 5-10 seconds.  Object was similar in apparent brightness, size and color to the planet Mars. Object travelled in a straight line from the west southwest to the east northeast.  Object did not appear to change color, speed, brightness, size or direction.  No sound was heard and no train, trail or tail was visible behind the object like a bright meteor or bolide would normally leave. Sky conditions were mostly fair."
"orange lights over Mass Myself and friends were all fishing on the beach when we noticed at least a dozen orange balls of light appear.  They appeared to be coming off the ground in the distance which can only be speculated to be aprox 15 miles.  For the distance of the lights, they seemed large, and very clear.   As the orange lights rose in the air, the similarities looked similar to a constalation while hovering there.   After several minutes passed, they continued to rise, and separate while flying at extreme speeds in various directions.  The speed can not be estimated, but surely was faster than any aircraft ever seen in flight.   After the seperation of the orange lights took place, they weaved through the atmosphere in very uncharacteristic motions.  After witnessing this for an additional 2 min., they shot across the sky which seemed to be the spped of light and dissapeared."
"Triangle ufo tr3b st pete fl 4-19-15. I was driving home on 1st ave south in st pete fl and a row of 5 lights in the sky distracted me from driving so I pulled over and it was a triangle shaped object with a row of 5 lights and I light on the corner tip and a blinking red light in the middle it flew up and over to the right and then striaght up and disappeared.   This event happened for 3 mins and my cell phone wouldn't turn on iPhone 5s by the white or black button until the triangle disappeared then my phone worked.  Happened for about 3 mins.  Looked like a black triangle tr3b perhaps military unmanned drones any info??  Didn't make any noise."
"Nightime sighting of craft making impossible movements for any sort of airplane Figured I might as well share my experience with you, even though I have no visual evidence to support it.  I am white, 55 years old, and retired from the Navy a little over a year ago after 22 years of service. My Top Security Clearance is still active, though I am currently fully retired and not working. I recently went on an Elk hunting trip with my brother who is 53, in the Boise National Forest.  On the night of November 2nd, we were camped a couple of miles outside of Centerville, Idaho in heavy timber country.  We were sitting around the campfire marveling at how clear a beautiful the stars in the sky were when you are out in the middle of nowhere with no city lights near you to hamper the view of the sky. I had gotten up to go and get something in the camper on the back of the pickup and was looking at the sky as I walked to the camper.  When I got to the rear of the pickup, on particularly bright star suddenly caught my eye. I can remember being confused when I first saw it and thinking, \u201cwhat the heck is that\u201d?   The light coming off the thing looked just about the same color as the light coming off all the stars, except that it was substantially brighter than any other star in the sky, including the North Star, and about every 2 seconds it would pulsate to a very bright dark red color.  At first that made me think it must be an airplane, but there was no green light at all and the movements this thing made were impossible for any normal aircraft.  Also, the brightness of the lights seemed to shimmer because of its movements. I stood there watching this thing for a couple of minutes and then yelled for my brother (who is a small plane pilot) to come look at this thing.  He came walking over, watched it for a few seconds and said, \u201cWhat the hell\u201d?  We watched this thing for a good 15 minutes make movements no normal plane of any kind could possibly make and at speeds that are equally impossible. I have no idea how far away the thing was from us. If I had to guess, I would say it could be anywhere from 60 to as much as 120 miles maybe.  There was no sound associated with it and it had 3 very definite patterns to its movements which I would describe in the following way.  Picture the little + in the very center of a rifle scope.  This thing seemed to have the very center of that + as the center point around which all of its movements took place.  The first was straight up and down and straight side to side movements along the axis of that cross.  The second was a circular movement all around the outside edge of the +.  The third was the most incredible of all. It would make diagonal movements in both diagonal directions through the center of the +, but when it made this movement is was 3-5 times longer than its straight up and down or side to side movements.  At the distance that thing was from us, those diagonal movements in particular had to represent a distance of mile! s and it would do it in a couple of seconds. Sure wish I would have had a camcorder with me, but at least I got to see it for myself and for several minutes.  It was pretty extraordinary and exciting!  Feel free to contact me if you would like, but I think I have pretty much covered what we saw!"
"Large, low-flying boomerang-shaped object moving very slowly over Levittown, PA, 1/20/16. I viewed what I think might have been a drone in the shape of an airplane.  It was going so slow at one point.  My car passed it on Rte 13 going southbound and it surprised me as my car was going 55 mph and I was pulling away from it at one point as it was traveling southbound as I was.   Then it gained speed and proceeded southbound towards Philadelphia ahead of me.   I later saw the object flying over Penn Valley Rd and headed towards Trenton.  This time I was outside with another person and I could hear that it made noise like a very quiet airplane, but it was much larger than a Piper Cub.  It had red flashing lights at times.  It was weird that it was so low.  Nothing about it appeared extraordinary other than the slow speed at which it traveled next to my car going southbound on Rte 13. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw what looked like a bright green shooting star streak across the sky to my left as I was driving north on nooksack rd.  It was right before the turn off on clearbrook.  It looked like it was going to crash into the earth.  However I didn't see or hear a crash.  Just a super bright green shooting light. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"4 round orange lights over 170 fwy north bound in San Fernando Valley, Ca I was driving on the 170 fwy going North between Sherman Way and Roscoe Blvd exits Saturday night when I looked up in front of me and noticed 4 orange round lights.  At first I thought they were airplanes but noticed that they were still and it seemed like the distance between each was accurately measured, very precised.  They weren't too close to each other but not too far either.  Airplanes do not travel like that.   I asked my husband and brother in law to look closely since I had slowed down my speed to 30 mph and had a line of cars behind me.  They too agreed those lights looked strange.    We remained quiet all the way home and have not discussed it since.  If someone else saw these lights the same night and place, please post about it.  I would like to know we weren't the only ones that saw them that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"White dot \"Craft\" appears to fly from left to right after missile passes. On December 22, 2017.  My family and I had just landed in San Diego, California, for Christmas with my grandmother.  After landing at about 5:30 pm PST, we started driving north towards La Jolla and saw what looked like a plane\u2019s smoke trail.  The smoke started expanding and had a luminescent glow to it.  That\u2019s where two lights sources that appeared to be parts of the rocket.  But at about 1 minute and 52 seconds of the video  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UaZFDmLbLE   two light anomalies occurred.  The first is a quick light that appears on the left side of the screen and the second is a bright light that travels from the left of the screen, first decelerating and then quickly accelerating and disappearing off the right hand of the screen.  Both my brother and I saw the light anomaly and you can hear our reaction upon seeing it.  The cars window, from which we were filming, was down.  This bright light went at a speed that cannot be seen on Earth.  This appearance is unexplainable and has left many people speechless and with doubts about what they saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible second stage rocket?  PD))"
"4 horizontal orange lights seen over Fort Eustis. My husband and I were getting home late, around 2am.  He got out of our car first and came over and opened my door.   As I was getting up, I looked up at the sky and saw 4 orange lights horizontal to each other.  As soon as I saw them the lights turned off and I could still see movement in the sky.  It happened very fast.   I turned to look at my husband and he asked if I saw it.  It was like the objects knew we saw them because it looked like the lights were turned off."
"Watched a object move above the tree line in a south to north direction, very slowely It was round, or round within a cube.  Mettalic, very distant.  Looked at wife and tried to bring it to her attention, looked up, object was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Couldn't take one this craft shut power off to our and neighbors house all electrical devices also we malfunction i have a fuzzy video Report taken by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP http://ufomig.yolasite.com  I was exiting the house to say goodnight to my girlfriend at the time.  We were next her car kissing out of the corner of my eye I seen a very bright light it was moving quite slow bout 30 40 mph.  It got closer and I literally got this feeling that I started to freak out I was crying and felt like I should just run just pure fear I think.  When it got overhead it made no sound silent as hell which dumbfounded me I grew up in a military family and my dad was a green beret I have never seen anything like this.  It was a triangle complete even on all sides this thing was huge exactly the size of my neighbor\u2019s house because it flew overhead.  It had 3 bright lights even on all sides.  I was so scared I woke up my dad and called the cops. Because it was a damn craft so low to the neighbor\u2019s house I was like if the military is doing that next time I am shooting at them.  But they actually called air traffic control in which I kid you not about five minutes later the law enforcement left and military jets came flying by low and loud.  I spent most of my life trying to figure out what this was and why the cop couldn't tell us what was going on.  Apparently the cop never documented this. I knew that cop we live in a small enough town to know most people.  The officer ended up getting relocated.  I know what I saw that night and personally I am frightened."
"Very solid dark object in the sky. I was photgraphing another object at the time. I think it was chasing the dark one. Tonight I was just transferring pictures from my old camera to my laptop.  After transferring the photoes I opened the file with microsoft picture viewer.  Two of the pictures I took were of the night sky. as my fiance and I were On vacation.  In Brookings Oregon at Harris beach look out Parking lot on top overlooking the entire ocean  The sky was clear as a bell. I took a picture of what I thought was a bright star or rogue satellite.  It was pretty so I took a total of 6 pictures, 4 that I deleted at the time because I thought they were just bad pictures.  Tonight I noticed in the two remaining pictures. a Long, square, cigar shaped \"thing\". its not really cigar its kinda boxed but in irregular not so perfectly even on all sides.  The thing covered the bright object I was aiming at to take a picture of in the first place. Anyway I dont know what to think of the pictures I am not an expert photographer, nor a ufo buff. maybe its something, maybe its not.  The odd t! hing that I noticed their were no lights, flashes, glowing etc.  The norm by ufo sighting of all sorts shapes and sizes. But the creepy thing that disturbs me. just What if \"aliens\" are smarter than to use lights but absolute darkness."
"Outside playing basketball in driveway at night...saw a brightly lit craft that appeared to be a plane.   Craft appeared to  be moving very slow then accelerated far beyond speed of normal aircraft.   Craft was lit with lights in form of a triangle.   Movement was from South to North in sky.    Total observation was about 4 seconds."
"Loud aircraft with bright colored lights buzzes my neighborhood. On 10-23-13 at approximately 18:00 hours, I was testing a telephoto lens outdoors with my camera, taking video footage of a passing commercial airliner, when I heard an approaching craft equipped with numerous lights.  I videoed the craft as it buzzed my position.  A row of lights were arrayed on what appeared to be the leading edge of the craft; those lights were colored , in the following order from left to right: light-green, white, orange, white, and orange.  As this craft was about to pass over my position, the center, orange light turned red, then back to orange, in a very short period of time, yet not what I would call blinking.  Above the center light were two, closely spaced, horizontal orange lights ; these lights also changed colors , changing from orange to red and green.  The shape was not discernable, but the first impression I got was that this was a propeller driven or turbo-prop airplane at full throttle, that was agressively buzzing quite low over my neighborhood."
"a series of lights moving like a snake I was coming in from loading my woodburner and as I came around the house a series of 8 lights caught my eye and it seemed stationary until it turned.  It disappeared very shortly as a national guard blackhawk was coming in for its training manuvers.  Since then we have heard more helicopters in the area which is rare out here."
"Saw oval, white flying object traveling from Southeast to Northwest.  Passed over the Palace Casino.   ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and she described the object as being smaller that the appearance of the Sun in the daytime sky.  PD))"
"Bright blue traveling slow, then fast, and disappeared. On 12th st.heading to Sunshine saw a bright blue light going slow then went fast its was gone"
"demonds coming out of earth   ice creem cone up side down. three bolts of steady blue light out of top and out of bottom too sucking energy from earth bolts would reach tord the earth [GET LONGER] on bottom then get shorter then transfer thru cone and get longer on top craft looked like it was spun on a giant lath it was 200 feet from top to bottom 100 foot on bottom across silver in color the outher one was like disk shape 60 foot a cross light hum to it.it started to land a twin engine UASF plain came out of north east you could see a camera man with a big camera holly wood type on left side of plain by the wing filming craft craft got scared jumped 1/8 th mile to south in a blink of a eye 845 next morning we saw a dimond shape head or helmet ed space man hiding in shrubs looking at us i made mental contact it ran off it had a black cape thing and was 4 foot to 5 foot tall its time to go i said we were followed by green car a ford ltd said usaf on trunk left hand side then white ford fair mont spys spookie dudes ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Black triangle, white lights, three, night, clear, many stars, slow, afraid It has been a beautiful, clear fall night so after an evening out, I opened the sunroof of my car to enjoy the fall air and relax for a moment. I was in awe at how many stars were visible and how clear the skies seemed. I had been sitting in the car for approximately twenty minutes, enjoying the air and listening to music with my seat reclined while I looked at the sky when I saw a large black triangle glide over my home and car. The triangle was large, black and isosceles triangular in shape. It had three lights; one on each point. The lights were white but not brilliant enough to illuminate the bottom of the triangle for a closer inspection as the triangle itself seemed very black, blacker than the sky. The entire event occurred so quickly and I was so startled that I cannot tell how far away the object seemed; I can only put it in perspective that it seemed much lower than a plane would fly. It was not flying as a plane would, either, since it was moving much slower and differently in the sense that when a plane moves across your field of vision, it does so in a linear fashion across the sky and this object's flight deviated in such a way that seemed unnatural and in-conducive to flight. I was very startled and, quite frankly, afraid after it left my field of vision and quickly restarted my car and ran inside. I am still afraid and have looked up for twenty minutes how to report a sighting. I'm not sure why I feel so compelled to tell someone about this and I feel quite foolish stating that I think I saw a UFO but I have no idea what I just saw. I am still quite shaken and will likely be up all night researching to see if anyone else has ever seen an odd black triangle in the Southeast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Multiple objects in sky that changed color and moved in a different manner than any satellite. Started with one object that was moving like a helicopter would.  In all directions.  The center changed colors.  Blue, green, red, yellow.  My daughter who is five and my husband and I all saw it through our binoculars.  More appeared after a while.  Some would just hover and others moved.  They would blink, get bright and then fade.  They almost looked like a line of windows with the colorful changing light thing in the middle.  The middle would make a triangle at some point and other shapes.  VERY COOL!!!..and strange.  Never seen anything like this.  Tried to get a video but the camera wouldn't pick up any stars in the sky....only black."
"Orange lights in the middle of the country. We were driving home and the two of us in the car saw it at the same time.  It looked really far away and looked square.   It's hard to describe, almost dark orange color.  The square would decrease in size but stay a square and then appear in the sky father to one direction, upon reappearing it would do the opposite of disappearing, it would go from small to large.   It did this about 7-9 times and that was it.   It only last about 2 mins. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"large trailing fireball with rock Sure it was a meteor large fireball with large rock looking thing falling after it burned out. lasted alot longer than a shooting star and was definately something burning up in the atmosphere. I have no idea where it would have landed, but I made a wish! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"pinkish circular fireball  orbs in the sky, silent, and then vanishing. I got three out of four on film with my Samsung Galaxy s5. Around 8:30pm in my back yard, I saw a red/pinkish color circle in the sky, that looked like a fireball orb.  It was coming from the West heading south west.   It had no sound and was visable for about one minute, and then lit up to where I could see an outline of a very large circular craft object just before it vanished.   I ran inside to grab my Samsung Galaxy s5 to film.  When I got back outside, I looked up for approximately 1 minute, and then saw another fireball orb coming from the same location I spotted the first one, and it flew the exact path and then vanished the same way.   Two more followed, one at a time, in the same flight pattern as the first fireball orb I spotted, and then vanished in the same fashion.  I have three on film all together.  I live near the airport in Hayden.  These objects were not human aircrafts.   My daughter and I have seen one fire orb before about one year ago in my backyard with different movement patterns, but never got it on film.  I think whatever was in the sky was interested or attracted to the airport.  Silent, large, circular, pinkish orbs that vanished made the hair on my neck raise.  What an incredible sight.  I wanted to call law enforcement but then though they would just think I was crazy, so I Googled it and found this site so I decided to rapport it.  I hope others also got to witness this amazing event."
"Orange spheres over centrral Florida. I was driving into my neighborhood last night at approximately 9:30, and was preparing to park my car in my garage, when I glanced up in the southeast sky at my roofline and noticed three glowing, pulsating, orange orbs flying slowly in a northwesterly direction in a large triangular formation.  As far as size perspective goes--they were the size of a typical pearl bead held at arm's length. I estimate they were traveling at a distance of about 10-15,000 feet and were completely silent and their airspeed was approximately 200-300 mph.  The objects\u2019 color never changed. I watched the objects break formation when they were directly overhead and begin moving in a somewhat straight line, as they gradually disappeared into the northwest sky. This part of the sighting lasted about 2-3 minutes. I then saw another of these objects traveling along the same flight path, approaching from the southeast sky, at which point, I ran inside my house to get my wife outside as a witness to what I was observing. We both watched this object through my binoculars as it headed in a straight line into the northwest sky.  Same estimated airspeed, size and distance as the other objects. Also, at this point, I noticed several neighbors down the street from us, standing in their front yards, watching these objects. We were both getting ready to go inside the house, when we noticed yet another of the objects, same size, flight path, speed, color, etc., traveling in exactly the same direction as the previously sighted objects. We watched as it gradually disappeared in the northwest sky. I estimate the total length of this sighting to be approximately 10-15 minutes. We waited outside for another 10 minutes but nothing else unusual was sighted. We are approximately 10 miles from Sanford-Orlando International Airport and are very used to seeing various types of commercial and sometimes military aircraft over the last 17 years.  I have also piloted single engine aircraft and have never seen anything like these objects before tonight."
"Two nights after my first encounter I spotted another last night! I was out on my porch watching the stars when one of them moved. The object was brighter than most of the stars, but the light pulsed unlike other stars I had seen. The movement of this particular object was that it moved much like how an eel would through water. As I stared at it it even looked like it had a tail that slithered through the air. I watched if for about 45 minutes until it moved out of my line of site. I also heard a constant high pitched sound, the amount of time, but that could have been from anywhere...I do live in the middle of the city."
"Saucer with lights that wobbled up and down but in straight line across the dusk sky. Walking with a friend when  I saw this.  Unable to tell the height or size.  We thought it was a toy or balloon at first, but there were odd lights on the rim of top and bottom.  Both of us were completely puzzled by what we were seeing.  We watched it travel a great distance until it was out of sight.  It moved in too straight a line for wind or remote control to carry it,  though it appeared to wobble."
"It was impossible to fly an LED night kite or a radio-controlled LED glider or helicopter because the site was a wild forest UFO with zigzag motion \u2013 June, 2010    This video was taken at 23:06 p.m. on June 25, 2010 at the foot of Mt. Tokachidake (an active volcano in the northern part of Japan), which has been famous for UFO sightings for decades.  Near the bottom left corner of the video, you can see two lights showing zigzag motions, keeping the same distance between them.  In the past, during the daytime around this area, my friend witnessed a strange oval object with two lights, one each on the left and the right edges, so I suppose that would be the reason for these two lights keeping the same distance.  I fixed my camera position and did not follow the lights, so the zigzag motion of the object was not because of camera shake. Although the lights were moving around a lower part of the sky, it does not mean they were close to the ground because I was standing on the plateau looking down the wild forest and valley below.  The site was a kind of dangerous area where wild bears often appeared, so no one could fly an LED night kite or anything else in the wild forest or valley in the middle of the night.  The site was at an altitude of 1200 meters and the temperature was very low at night.  It was completely dark and I could see many stars in the sky with the naked eyes, but my small digital camera (CASIO EX-H10) could not catch any starlight.  So you can guess how bright that object actually was."
"Moving, green orb over St. Charles/St. Louis, Missouri This evening, June 2, 2011, while sitting at my second floor office window at my computer, something caught my eye which turned my attention away from my computer screen to the upper corner of my window.  A small, green orb of light was traveling through the sky, from South to North, at a relatively high speed.  The light was not a clear point of light but rather looked as if it were traveling through clouds or a mist. The part that I found odd is that I live directly under the flight patterns of my local airport, which call for the planes to land or takeoff from east to west (as they are doing this evening and right now as I type this report).  The object was high enough that I could not make out what it was yet was low enough that it would have interfered with the flight airport flight patterns.   There were no blinking lights or sound to accompany it. The object continued overhead until it disappeared over the tree line from across the street. While it very well may have been a \"falling star\" or small meteorite, etc., the direction and interference with the air traffic certainly caught my attention and has caused quite the commotion in our household!"
"Fixed formation of about one hundred bright spots in the night sky Me and my girlfriend was on vacation in Budapest, Hungary this week.  We had rented an old, pretty nice, apartment very close to the parliament building of Hungary.  We both had trouble sleeping, so we went out on the balcony just before midnight for a smoke.   Suddenly I spot what I first believe is a flock of birds flying gently through the night sky.  I keep looking at these strange birds and wonder how come they glow.  The sky is pitch dark, so the only way for them to be seen is if something is shining on them from below.  The flock slowly move through the sky, and they keep the same glow all the time. Within a second it suddenly comes to me that this cannot be birds.  There are about a hundred spots in the sky, in a fixed, stretched (not even) formation.  Fortunately there were a lot of sky outside our balcony (there was a park, so no walls hid the sight).  I kept looking at the formation for about 5 minutes, before they no longer were in my visible area. Two spots came a little later.  The last of them seemed to consist of two bright spots, rotation very closely to each other. The fixed formation and the quantity of the spots makes me really confused.  I have absolutely NO idea what this might have been.  I remember thinking that it looked like a slice of the night sky was moving (it looked like stars). They made no sound that I could hear at all."
"101 freeway South of S.F.  mysterious lights, orbs of intelligent energy being captured ..  what was that? we traveled into s.f. 101 frwy.( about 1 hr.away ) i saw a tree line from the car we sped past .. looking into the distance (up to 1/2 mile) there were intelligent balls of light being produced from the ground .. people were pulled off the side of the road squatting to collect these things.. saw about 15 there.. then we came up to a huge facility that was installed into a 5 mile long mound.. there were many trucks and freight being hualed into and out of the plant.. during the pass of this site. i saw many machines (ATV LOOKING) being controlled by humans to collect and keep these balls of intel lights.. it seemed the orbs wanted to escape being captured.. i heard a sound being sent to me in the sense of a call for help, but i could feel the stress of the things as they were being pulled from the ground.. the orbs changed all colors and intensity of light..but the  chase was on. the teams of human collectors was up to about 10 per team and i saw about 10 teams, spread out over a 2 mile space after the huge mountain above ground base.. it was none the less strange and i cant imagine what was the true intent of theses events.. looking out of a speeding car i witnessed this and so did the guy sitting next to me. no words just a very strange vibe..hmm  101 freway travel to wonder bout. Love ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous;  requests no contact.  PD))"
"Looked like a a red shooting star that slowed down and exploded into a bright wight light with a blue aura and trail. Appeared to have an explosion on the front end of it. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"One huge cigar and one huge rectangular object floating over S.F. Bay just north of San Francisco. One huge rectangular and one huge cigar shaped object seen hovering side by side over S.F. Bay.  Through binoculars I watched a semi-transparent yellow orange rectangle with a huge cigar object on the left manuevering and moving very slowly near it.  This rectangle did not look solid and seemed to fade in and out while changing shape and color.  This object took on the shape of a glowing lampshade at times and at other times it changed shape lengthwise.   Multiple cigar or disc shape objects appeared in a group of 3 at 9:45 P.M. and at 9:52P.M. a second group of 2 cigar objects and the rectangle appeared side by side.  These cigar objects were much smaller than the first object seen hovering near the rectangle.   After about 10 minutes the rectangle basically just faded away. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be sober-minded and sincere, in describing his sighting.  However, we do not understand why other witnesses have not submitted other reports, given how dramatic an event the witness describes.  PD))"
"Oval object seen with red and green lights changed into arrowhead shape and shot off. My daughter was walking the family dog when the dog hair stood up and started barking fiercely. My daughter looked up and saw a small saucer shaped object with red and green lights blinking around it. The object was wobbling showing both top and bottom.  The object suddenly formed into an arrowhead shape with the lights also conforming to that shape. And shot off south over ridge."
"Sightjng in Billings, MT, with shooting stars, I light witch I thought was a plane, considering I live close to the airport .  The craft had blinking lights and was descending.  I was waiting to the noise of a plane, and it was dead silence.  It was Odly close to the top of my house.  Then the light (craft) went back up and away, but stayed in clear sight. Strangest part was I saw what looked to be light flares, almost like shooting stars.  (5 in total)  landing all around my neighborhood."
"Three Fireballs in formation off coast of California, circle into one Fireball and vanish. As I went out onto my back porch to view the early sunset (Ocean view) I instantly noticed 3 Orangish-red bright balls very far off the coast, literally 100's of miles from the beach moving in triangular formation while rotating clockwise very slowly and moving at a medium speed north.   At this point I called my brother out to view the sight as I knew he wouldn't believe me as I was always the kind of person who would believe in stuff like this, and he would be the kind who would look for a logical explanation. The fireball like orbs seemed to glow dimmer and brighter at a constant rate.  They soon stopped in a perfect triangle formation and after a brief pause, cirlced together clockwise perfectly in to one fireball of the nearly same size.   Shortly after the ball simply vanished or what looked like at the time, extinguished the flame or turned out the light.  My brother and I were dumbfounded, and could come up with no logical explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Large glowing  green  orb that was still till I seen it then quickly  changed direction eastern  then again toward earth disappeared. Big glowing  green  orb.  As soon as I seen it it seemed to know I seen it and took off as I ran to keep my eyes on it it then changed direction downwards and disappeared right before it hit the earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Large Black Triangle emits flares, watched for over 20 min.  Very ironic circumstances 1992 Post-SETI UFO Event, Death Valley October 13th 1992  Time: 5:20-6:pm  Viewer Location: Lat 36\u00b0 37' N  Lon 117\u00b0 6' W  Viewer Elevation: 0ft (possibly below Sea Level)   Estimated Object Location: Lat 36\u00b0 33\u201956.74    N Lon 117\u00b0 6'33.25 W  View Direction: South toward mountain  Elevation 3100-4000ft   Death Valley National Monument Tucki Mountain. (5200 Ft)  Visible Mountain Altitude (from view position): 4530ft   (aprox.)   Estimated Distance from Object: 3.25 Miles  Features: Dark or Black triangular object.  Lights on leading edge (possibly colored). Estimated Speed: 10-20 MPH  Other:  2 flairs came out of the trailing side 3-5 seconds apart.  No flair smoke dicernable.  Phosphor-type bright, slightly variable, seems electrical, not pyro tech. Viewed for approximatly 20-30 min. 2 Viewers, only 1 other person within area, but seemed unaware (sleeping on park picnic table)   We did not attempt to query the person. Story:  This is one of the most ironic and amazing stories I have even heard of.  It demonstrates the very reasons I have not reported events to UFO center sites,  besides the fact that I would want to do illustrations and 3D simulations to show . In 1992 NASA\u2019s HRMS, High Resolution Microwave Survey, is launched at Goldstone Observatory outside Barstow, California and at the Arecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico.  As I had a colleague doing art for them and was soon to be working with SETI and was also involved with NASA and the other astronomical organizations I was able to get my wife ((name deleted)) and myself invited to the Barstow event and the Goldstone ceremony.  I knew a few people there and a few astronomers I had worked with as well as a couple artist friends.  I felt an outsider most of the time not being able to afford the dinners and hotel events.  I borrowed a friends 8mm video camera and had my own SLR and lots of film, so spent most my time shooting the event.  I was able to meet Carl Sagan and was able to shake his hand and thank him personally for his work in educating myself and the public so beautifully with the PBS Cosmos series.  Just a few minuets with him though. We where bused into Goldstone on the military base for the ceremony where I shot film and video of all I could.  We had a great time participating in the historic event and got photos of Carl, friends and other dignitaries.   It was a good event and history in the making.  When it was over we just wanted to go relax somewhere. As was our tradition at the time, when we are down that far south we always try go through or stay a night in Death Valley, a favorite place to this day, having spent much time there hiking and camping as well as exploring through college and after.  My wife and I spent two weeks just below the monument for our honeymoon in 1980 and I had done several road trips and backpacking high in the mountains in the seventies.  So we where very comfortable in this desolate beauty and powerful nature spot. We arrived in the monument from our Barstow hotel in the late afternoon.  Not wanting to miss a shot at a sunset session there, we went to the sand dunes directly, grabbed our day-packs and photographic bags and a borrowed Hi8 video cam and ran (walked fast) out to the deep dunes. As we walked, my wife and I where having an argument probably due to our depleted neurochemistry from erratic sleep, road-food and stress.  As we stood 10 feet apart and speaking loudly at each other, about nothing I remember, all of a sudden a bright light in the sky over ((deleted--wife)) drew my attention.  I was facing mountain Tucki Mountain looking south across the Panamint Mt. range  The range was had mountains as high as up to 11000ft.   This Tucki Mt. was over 5000 ft. I know because by that time in my life I had climbed Telescope Peak there (11049 ft.) in 1976 and had hiked the valley many times, so was familiar with the distances and geography first hand. As I looked at the light I noticed it was like a super bright flare slowly arching down from what looked like a massive black triangle 70% oblique to me.  I estimated it was close to the mountains and probably we where at or below sea level, observed the object at about 4000ft I estimated.  I yelled at my wife to look!, thinking she missed the \"spark,\" but as she turned, another bright spark came out of the craft and flew slowly down and out.  What we where left with was a view of this seemingly football-field sized or larger black triangular shape with what I remember was maybe many colored lights on what looked like the leading edge.  It was moving slowly, silently and deliberately northward along the range.  By that time it was dusk heading for twilight and the light was going.  I had film with ASA rated for daylight but attempted to get a shot after a few minuets of checking ourselves and confirming we where seeing the same thing.  I could not get any exposure, shot some blanks on the off chance they would show, but no luck.  The Hi8mm cam I had could not even show an image it was so dark.  In retrospect I could have narrated a detailed description on video.  I did not think over the ontological terror of seeing such a thing at the time.  So we stood in the sand dunes for about 20-30 minuets watching as the object slowly moving north along the mountain range until we lost sight of it in the extinction, haze and darkness.  Our legs where like rubber and we where very excited and a bit concerned for our safety as we thought we where totally alone in the vast valley.  So we made our way deliberately to our car parked a mile back through the dunes.  As we reached the parking area we noticed a motorcycle had come while we where gone and parked with its owner sleeping on top of one of the few picnic tables.  I was too spooked and in too much of a hurry to wake the person and ask him if he saw anything or warn him of the possible danger we felt.   We headed rapidly for the Stove Pipe Wells campgrounds with our heads rotating 360 for any other sights. Later at home, I referenced topographic and standard maps of the area and noticed that just the other side of the range but several air miles south from Tucki Mountain was the military test range China Lake Navel Weapons Testing Range.   So the military is all over the place down there. So although I had no visual record of the event we experienced, we had solid memory as you might imagine.   This is the first time I have written about this.  I have told some friends, but that is all.  I am producing a documentary segment for the event in 3D high resolution animations.  I also have a Google Earth KMZ file showing the site.  Much more research also on file. So who would believe such a story?  An artist, a Sci-Fi fan and lifetime UFO interested person coming from a SETI event?  Not a chance.  I could have physical evidence and people would just laugh.  I would probably not blame them either."
"Two low flying craft flying very slowly over HWY 167 southbound, one with two white blinking lights second two green lights In  the early morning hour of approximately 0110 on December  6th 2009 I was traveling northbound on interstate 167  just  north of highway 18 when I saw the first of two low flying lighted objects both appearing to be stationary over the interstate  at an estimated altitude of 1000 feet. The first object or lights appeared to be a couple miles ahead of me and my view consisted of two unusually large and bright white lights beside each other, index finger at arm length barely covered it. My first thought was that I was seeing lights on top of a tower in the distance because the two lights were blinking one then the other at a slow pace and were brighter than I have ever viewed on an aircraft. As I got closer, within one quarter of mile I realized that there was nothing underneath the lights. The lights were intensely bright still slowly flashing in the same pattern. I eventually drove directly under the lights and was unable to make out the shape of the object in the darkness but did notice smaller flashing lights underneath the two bright lights. The lights under the object were flashing much faster and appeared to be different colors, red, green and white. The lights all appeared to be stationary. The second object or lights were approximately one quarter of a mile farther as I continued northbound on interstate 167.  Just as the first object or lights initially appeared as two very large bright lights side by side so did the second with exception that the two lights were not blinking at any time and were bright green.  The green lights appeared to be stationary over the interstate at the same altitude as the first.  As I continued northbound I eventually drove under it and again noticed smaller quickly flashing colored light beneath this one and was unable again to discern the actual shape of the abject.  As I was about to drive under it my car was approached by two other cars that came from behind me and both sped past as if they had not even seen the very large low flying intensely bright green lights which I found very odd as the lights were so brilliant I found it hard to look away and had slowed my rate of speed to continue watching them. After passing the second object or lights I decided to take the next exit which was the first exit in Tukwila in an attempt to take a front road that I noticed back to view the lights approximately a minute or so later and realized that I could no longer see either of them anymore. There were simply no lights of any kind to be seen at this point. ((NUFORC Note:  The person who submitted this report is well known to NUFORC, and we know her to be a highly reliable source of accurate information.  We do not know what she witnessed, but we strongly suspect that the facts outlined above are quite accurate.  We spoke via telephone with the witness, during which she underscored the dramatic nature of the sighting.  PD))"
"I was outside in my backyard when I saw a orange light falling down at first I thought it was a shooting star until I was there were other two orange light forming a triangle. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"At 3:00AM May 22nd from a viewing point in Shell Beach, California:  An apparent burning object was rushing through the sky at a tremendous pace. The color was orange and gold.  The course of the object was Westward from over the Pacific Ocean toward the inland and it was a couple hundred feet long. The object rose in altitude at a very fast pace and began to break apart in the sky. Parts of the object looking like glowing embers dropped off as it continued its ascent.  Many \u201cembers\u201d dropped off in a minute long period as the main object shrank and reduced to barely visual."
"At appx 4 am on 8/22/06, a diamond shaped object flew by . It had 4 whitish/yellow lights on the bottom, which flashed in sequence, front then back. I couldn't judge the height, but it was large enough to see very clearly, and it passed through some clouds and could still be made out. It made no sound what so ever. There was an  aircraft off in the distance that could be seen and heard. This object was directly overhead. The time of the flight occurance was about 30 sec. The object came through the clouds flying west to east, broke through the clouds, and then disapeared. Once again it made no sound and had no flashing marker lights like a normal aircraft would have. What lights that were on it were much larger and did not flash on a timed interval."
"Metallic sphere over Arkansas I was driving home alone the highway and happened to glance upwards into the sky. Immediately a distinct metallic glint caught my eye.  Luckily, traffic moved slowly, and I was able to look at the object several times. It remained hovering in one spot, and looked to be at an altitude lower than an airplane, perhaps 500ft above normal helicopter altitude.  The object was completely spherical, and clear enough in the daylight to be clearly distinguishable as a smooth object. It remained unmoving until the fifth time I looked at it, when I watched it apparently vanish, though gradually, as if it were dissolving into the air.  As it vanished, the atmosphere around it became blurred, as if viewed thorough a heat haze."
"All 30 spaceships were bright white lights that were in a square/triangle formation that were heading south. When my brother came running into the house he said \"UFO, GUYS, UFO!\"  Then everyone came running out of the house to see them.  Once they were in our eye-sight we were just amazed!  They were all a seperate bright white light that was perfectly lit like a light-bulb seen from a good distance.  Then everyone got on the roof of the house to get a better view.  They didn't stop coming, they were all coming over the oquirrh mountains east of our direction\u2026   It seemed that they were coming from Dugway Proving Grounds. We were all amazed and I asked everyone how they felt and they said they felt loved...  And I'm like I feel the same way to for some reason!  I had no negative feeling about there presence!  I was happy!  IT WAS A ONCE IN A LIFETIME EXPERIENCE I WILLNEVER FORGET IT WAS AMAZING!!!"
"We saw a low-flying, brilliant, orange object flying silently and steadily from SSE to NNW and are sure it wasn't a traditional craft. My husband, son and I were outside watching nearby fireworks at 10:35pm CST and from the SSE we saw a brilliant orange hovering object heading to the NNW.   We thought it was a local helicopter but as the craft approached it was silent and brilliant in color, like a burning ember.   It was not close enough to discern a clear shape, but seemed almost circular.  It flew in a very controlled manner at a consistent altitude and speed.   The speed was like that of a helicopter also.  The altitude seemed to be somewhere between 8,000 and 15,000 feet.  Difficult to really estimate the altitude because of our uncertainty of the nature of the craft.   After it had passed over us and was almost out of our vision field we noticed that the brilliance seemed to weaken just a bit, but then reappeared as it continued on its path to the NNW.   The duration of our siting was probably 1 minute, or slightly more.   We are certain it was not an airplane, nor a helicopter, nor a satell! ite or slow burning shooting star or firework.  We have never seen a flying object like this.   We do not consume alcohol, nor drugs and have excellent vision and judgement.   We are sincere in submitting this report.   Thank you. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) This is a supplemental report to my initial report, per Peter Davenport's request.    We called the local National Weather Service to obtain wind direction at the time of our siting last evening.   At 10:00pm CST the ground wind direction was approx 150-degrees or SE heading NW.    The balloon was flown at 7pm CST for higher elevation wind at 3,000 feet and it was reported at 160-degrees or SE, almost a bit SSE, heading NW.    Also, I failed to submit in my initial report that I called a local news channel this morning to see if others may have sited or reported the same thing we saw.  They said yes, they received one phone call reporting this same object at the same time we saw it.   Thank you. ((END ADDENDUM))"
"There were about 21 UFOs with half being in a \"V\" shape and half in a random order. There was 10-11 orange UFOs in a \"V\" shape.  We tried to catch them on video, but they were too dim of a light.  Behind the \"V\" shape was about ten or eleven UFOs in random order.   We witnessed them disappear one by one as they passed by a water tower.   We have a video documenting the occurrence even though you can not see the UFOs.  I will not send the video because of explicit language.  I will show the video to an investigator."
"red/gray \"fireball\" in San Jose, Ca  1/12/11 Location: San Jose, CA  Evergreen Time: 08:52am Weather:  Clear skies Object: red/gray orb Angle from horizon: Approx. 60-70 deg. Flight path:  Approx: East to West with a slight arc upwards at the end. I observed  red fireball in the sky, that changed size and brightness.  It appeared to \u201cflare up\u201d to a bright reddish ball about twice the size of Jupiter, then would lose luminosity  and size to become a dull red color and about the size of Jupiter.  Even more interesting it would shrink down to about half the size of Jupiter, turn  a dull gray color, and looked almost oval.  It repeated this pattern several times before slightly arching upwards, then it sort of faded out of sight  in approx. 10 sec.   The entire sighting lasted  90 sec.  My mother observed this as well but didn\u2019t want to report this herself  (sorry Mr. davenport).  What appered to be a Southwest passenger jet was in the air at this time.  My phone camera could not pick up the object. I am a father of two kids, a homeowner, and a logical person.  I have no reason to lie, and only reporting this because I\u2019ve seen these \"fireballs\" about 15 times through the summer of 2010.  I just want to know what they are. I doubt I will find out though."
"Green fireball in southern sky at night.   Apearred suddenly, glowed for approximately 3 seconds and thenburnt out.   Lokked like it was falling to earth."
"Green lightning Bright green orb of lightning first flashed above storm clouds then descended just below, and then shot northbound at same elevation, then flashed and went up.  No sounds other than storm. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Another Freeland Light Sighting At approximately 8:35 pm, I looked out of my bedroom window to check if the regularly occurring lights were visible.  After not being seen for several days we were surprised to see two then three lights behaving as before....dimming then getting brighter then dimming.  They did not last as long as last time...dimming out in under an hour.  Again however there is a odd cloud band visible mainly over the area they are visible. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that stars are the first possibility that would have to be ruled out, before concluding that the objects were UFOs.  PD))"
"One red light moving across sky. Went outside and looked up in the sky and saw 1 dark red light above, heading south-southwest.   Wasn't flashing, blinking, or anything, just stayed the same color moving in one direction at quite a fast speed.  I live about 30 min south of atlanta airport and i know what the planes look like, this was not a plane....just one dark red light...vantage point was from directly beneath and it moving south, didnt see any other lights with it.  No sound."
"6 mysterious bright lights in the sky. Right on Iron Bridge in Allentown, NJ, me and my 2 friends were parked on this road due to having to fix a flat tire.  Me and my one friend spotted this very large glowing orb in the sky.  Next thing we notice it disappeared.  Then seen 3 others appear.  We looked up at them and they started to move very quickly.  They were right above the tree line in the sky.  These lights all stayed in the same line.  Before we have even seen these objects in the sky we were out in this old abandoned boy scout camp ground near crying bride.  We all seen this flash of light strike in front of us.  It left a huge outline of a person's body.  My one friend seen a skeletal form in the streak of light.   We ended up getting a flat as we were driving out of the camp ground.  That's when we spotted all these weird lights in the sky.  There were two that kept flying back and forth, one stayed right above us moving very slowly at first and then just hovered above us.  We could hear them giving off a loud almost kind of roaring sound.  The one that stayed above us was glowing green.  Not to mention as they got closer to us the lightning kept getting closer to us and it started to hail out of no where.  One was off in the distance and a beam of light struck down from under neath it.  It flew extremely quick right towards us, it had an almost teal colored zigzag light on it.  This UFO must have been the size half of an airplane."
"Red lights, low humming, central Nevada, two witnesses   I was working in the Sage-Steppe desert for four months, on a wildlife study. Our base camp was about half way between Eureka and Carlin Nevada on Rte 278. Middle of nowhere. I had the evening off, and decided to start a camp fire shortly after dark. I had just opened a beer and was playing my guitar when the red lights showed up. Before I start my description I have to say that my recollection of this sighting is hazy, it happened over a year ago, and even a few days later I could not remember details. What I remember is a very low pitched, quiet hum.  That is what go my attention.  I looked behind me, and two glowing red lights were hovering near by. I set down my guitar and stood up, walking toward the lights to see better. I noticed another set behind them.  I could not see the outline of any object, only the lights, but the way they were moving, it seemed that they were connected.  They were moving strangely, as if the objects were long and flat and turning from a horizontal position to a vertical position.  It took me a minute to realize the red lights were connected and the object was enormous. At some point one set of lights came close, or at least it seemed close due to the scale of the object. I would say it was at least 50 meters in diameter.  I do not remember the object leaving.  That is the strangest part. I was sitting at the campfire, and was not going to tell any of my coworkers (they were small minded) when they came back from the field.  One of my co-workers, who I had a good rapport with came to the fire and stood there with me for a few minutes before saying &quot;I just saw a ufo&quot;. I nearly pissed I was so excited. He described red lights, but in a different, more stereotypical \"ufo\"; configuration.  More like spinning red lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"V shaped craft on south side of Indy by power plant. Large V shaped craft over the South Side of Indianapolis, Indiana over the power plant on South Harding just sitting.Absolutely beautiful gray V shape. I was sitting with my wife and friend outside by our fire pit when I saw it and showed my wife and friend. I could not turn from it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be flawed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Flash of light that jumped to another spot in the sky."
"Two white orbs hovering in the sky above the woods near my house.  They were about the same size.  Completely silent.  Suddenly just disappeared."
"Green Orbs, Western NY, 1-2AM 4/9/11 The objects in the sky were in the eastern sky, about 30 degrees above the horizon, travelling north in an arc, not a straight line.  The orbs were a brilliant green; a glowing center of green with green halos surrounding them.  The looked quite similar to a firework except far too large to be a firework.  Event occurred between 1:00 AM and 2:00AM."
"Bright green light appeared to fall from the sky in a slow arc and disappeared over a mountain to the west. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Three bright lights forming a triangle staying stationary in sky then quickly flying off and disappearing. At about 10pm, my friend and I were on the way to my house and I noticed three bright lights in the sky making the shape of a triangle.  At first I thought it was lights for a tower like the ones you would see at a airport, but since I drive down that particular road at least 10-20 times a week it was not usually there and it was too far away from the town airport to be a tower for it.  As we drove south more, I noticed that it seemed we were getting closer to it so it was staying still and I also noticed that I couldn't see any metal connecting below it so it had to be floating/flying in the sky.  It was kind of low like when a airplane is going to land, but it stood still in the same spot not moving side to side or up and down.   After looking at it for a couple minutes my friend driving finally saw it and asked what it was, he was intrigued and pulled over so we could get a better look, by the time he pulled over and turned to look it was quickly fading away and! then was gone.   It took off very quick."
"2 circles in the sky with illuminating lights and storm coming. I took a picture of the storm that was coming forwards me and didn't realize the object in the sky.  Not only until the day after my girlfriend ask me what that was in the sky and I was confused because I didn't see it when I took the picture.   Soon after asking some family members, I came to the conclusion it was a UFO."
"Commercial airliner sized diamond shaped craft hovering and flying upwind in high wind storm and in airport flight path Approximately 10 miles NW of Boise BOI airport/Gowen Air field adjacent to a Boeing 737-300 class airliner on final approach, this craft was spotted by a colleague and I.  It was a stormy day with dark low clouds and high winds.  The craft appeared diamond shaped and hovered a mile or so from the airliner that was on final approach.  After the airliner passed, the craft flew straight up towards the low storm clouds, rolled onto its side, and the shot into the clouds headed into the wind. after which we lost sight of it.  I caught 24 seconds of video of the craft that I am uploading with this report.  At first we thought it was a drone, but it was in the flight path of the airport, was above the jet liner and appeared nearly the same size as the jet. Way too big to be a drone.  And it hovered, flew vertically, and shot into the clouds head into the wind at high speed.  Definitely NOT a drone."
"Large white object with trailing fire. We were driving south on the 101 at the top of the grade at spotted a large white object with fire trailing behind it.  Object appeared to make a right angle turn away from us.  The fire stopped.  We lost sight.  The object was descending at a shallow angle when it turned. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM A SECOND WITNESS, LOCATED NEAR VENTURA, CA)) We saw a fireball driving home from Utah last night that matched this very closely at the exact same time - 7PM.  We were on Hwy 126 about 10 miles east of Ventura when I saw a white fireball streak across the sky in front of the car slightly to our left.  That would have put it to the South of us toward Oxnard, likely out over the ocean.     It was traveling left to right, meaning it was heading pretty much due South.  It seemed to turn slightly green and left a long trail behind it.  It was low in the sky, I'd estimate 10 degrees, was obscured by some trees, then reappeared on the other side of them, then we lost sight of it.  I'd estimate we saw it for 5 seconds.   Since in the report below they were looking south I think this was the same object.  I however did not see it make any turn (although we lost sight of it at the end) and assumed it was a very large close meteor.     ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness who submitted addendum above is quite experienced with UFO reporting.  PD))"
"Bright light  with flashing red and blue lights underneath.  Moved in a circular motion.  Red flash across sky directly underneath. My husband went outside with the dogs around 20:45 on the date mentioned. He called me to come outside to look at something. When I came out, he pointed to the sky and stated this figure, that resemled a very bright star, was making a circular pattern in the sky. I ran back in the house to find my camera to try to get a better look with a zoom lens. I looked at it closer and noticed red and blue flashing lights at the base of the figure. While I was watching, it made no sudden movements but directly underneath it, I saw a fast moving red light flash across the sky and disappear. My daughter had asked what we were looking at so we showed her. She said that when she arrived home about and hour and a half prior, she saw the light and she and her Aunt had dismissed it as a planet or star. After she said this, we all went back inside, so she wouldn't be frightened. Around 21:15 my husband looked outside again and the figure had disappeared from the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD))"
"Triangle as big as a CITY I am submitting this report ten years since it happened.  I have had dreams \u201cvividly\u201d off and on since it happened.  Just recently,  I began experiencing these dreams again.  After searching on the Internet for the meaning of these dreams I found this site.  I am a very \u201cdown to earth\u201d type person that usually believes in only Science and Facts.  I have heard many stories from family and others about UFO\u2019s.  And never believed until ten years ago. It was the summer of 2000.  I was traveling down Highway 11, a country road between Weippe Idaho and Orofino Idaho.  I was on my way to Orofino Idaho after visiting a friend in Weippe.  This stretch of road is in the middle of nowhere.  It is on top of a mountain surrounded by wheat fields.  The most you might see normally is a deer in your path.  About 2130 as I entered an area of the road known as \u201cFraser\u201d (Fraser is a small section of land named after a few old time farmers from the past) I was shocked to see several lights hovering over a mountain top roughly (as the crow fly\u2019s) 25 miles away.  This particular part of the mountain has no what so ever houses or lights and barely any roads.  As I slowed to a near stop I noticed two other vehicles pulled over looking at the lights.  One was a beat-up pickup and one was a station wagon type car.  I pulled in behind them and turned off my lights.  I immediately got out my binoculars and started surveying the lights.  What I ! saw was literally \u201cout of this WORLD\u201d.  There was 6 lights surrounding one singular light in the middle.  The light in the middle was very strange as it was not as bright and pulsated from green to blue to red and back again.  The shape was in a perfect triangle shape just like a upright Pyramid.  The most Awesome thing about this was the size.  It had to be as big as a CITY!  Measuring the only way I knew how, I stretched out my thumb and forefinger and put it up to the sky, It was as I said a good 25 miles away and was at least 3 \u00bd inches between my thumb and finger in width.  That would make it at least a mile or more wide at this distance.  I and the others watched it for at least ten minutes.  The lights where so close to the top of the mountain it was over that it actually lit up the peak.  After about ten minutes the Station wagon car took off down the road back towards Weippe at a high rate off speed almost hitting me.  Just then the \u201cobject\u201d turned slowly just so y! ou could see it\u2019s bottom 3 lights.  Those three lights slowly ! powered up \u201cgot very bright\u201d and the whole thing disappeared in a explosion of light.  Just like you would see on Star Trek when they went into \u201cWarp\u201d drive.  I then, dumb founded went over to the pickup truck to see what they had seen only to realize that there was no one in the truck at all.  I think that they all left in the other car, or the pickup was empty to began with.  I think back and could slap my self for not getting the trucks licence plate number if only to verify that I was not going nuts!  I then drove home very shaken up and tried to go to sleep with no luck. The dream that I keep having involves this craft coming over the horizon and a feeling of \u201cimpending doom\u201d like the world is going to end.  I know this sounds unbelievable but it is true.  I am of sound mind and have never told this to anyone other than my wife."
"It was Just a True Event that I Saw during this Sighting!  It was not a Fake Sighting!  It was witnessed by 4 People.  It was a True UFO!! During the occurred UFO Sighting that I saw during this event was just a shocking event. That object was hallowing in up and giving some weird lights from up. It also showed some blinking spot-lights.*  The object gave hunnering sound. It was Steady going. It was large and path stationery.  Many people were seeing that object on the road.  First time my father have seen that object and then he have informed me.  I was just shocked to see that freak Object.  That Object was freaking downside.  It was a shocking site means it was a shocking event.  It was close to Us.  But was very far.  It hallowed us means it surprised us. It was a great event that I saw in the City.  My father and all were just shocked to see that Freak Object.  It was light, means it was a full of lights object that it was looking of heavy and many Lights.  There were two Major light.  It was a very big object and it also moved here & there during its sighting. It was just very Ground to the Earth. We all were shocked very Immediately when we just saw that huge object.  First we just  thought that it was an fake object but then I just thinked upon that really it may be fake or not?  It was not a fake as per my thinking because as per me that Object was not fake because I just observed that particular object very carefully and I really found that No!  NO!  It was  not fake! It is Real! And it can't be fake!  I believed that it was just a real event and very true phenomenon.  It is my believance.  My father just ignored that it was fake and also all the members present in our car also concluded that it was fake.  But No!!!!!!! It was just a Real Freaky Object. It was just very very True.  And it can't be ignored...... Its my thinking and my Opinion and my thought that it is real...  IT WAS NOT A FAKE SIGHTING!  IT WAS A TRUE SIGHTING THAT I SAW! IT WAS REALLY NOT A FAKE PHENOMENA.*  IT WAS JUST A TRUE OBJECT! ~ ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Luz brillante muy r\u00c3\u00a1pida, dos aviones intentan interceptarla. Agosto de 2003 Aprox 10.30PM. Estabamos en el porche de casa cuando aparecio una luz brillante que se acercaba muy veloz desde SE hacia NW, dos aviones fueron a su encuentro. La luz se apag\u00c3\u00b3 y unos segundos m\u00c3\u00a1s tardes volvi\u00c3\u00b3 a brillar con m\u00c3\u00a1s intensidad que antes, desapareciendo en el acto uno de los aviones, luego la luz volvi\u00c3\u00b3 a alejarse rapidamente en la misma direcci\u00c3\u00b3n desde d\u00c3\u00b3nde apareci\u00c3\u00b3. Apareci\u00c3\u00b3 de nuevo en la lejania y cambio el rumbo direcci\u00c3\u00b3n SW hasta desaparecer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Three orange dots rising from horizon and dying out one by one While waiting for the moon to rise, approximately an hour after the sun set, three orange/red lights rose from behind the mountains on the horizon.  They looked closer than stars, and at first seemed to be very slow moving fireworks.  They rose together, formed a triangle, and then kept on rising.  The one on the farthest right died out, and after the last two rose for a bit more the second on the right died. Then the last light kept on moving up, and then hovered for about a minute before slowly moving right and then dying out."
"Three bright white lights in a triangular formation.  At 5:30 p.m., I was on the front porch, facing East, talking on the phone with a friend.  I looked up and saw three bright white lights in a stationary triangular formation.  After watching them for about 10 seconds, one by one, they faded out and completely disappeared."
"Bright-orange-fire-in-sky-moving-formation-same-speed-no-sound- seen-three-glowing-orbs-moving-s-to-n-about-as-fast-as-a-small-plane-been-around-miletary-bases-all-my-life-never-seen-anything-like-this ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"large black triangle shaped craft no noise or lights wobbled as it moved then slowly went up into sky until you couldn't see it ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"18 Fire ball red UFO's sighted over Canyon Lake, AZ From about 8:30 PM to about 9:00 PM we observed 18 fire ball type of lights in the sky coming from the north, about the Canyon Lake area heading south towards Apache Junction. At about the Superstition Mountain area the would head east then shoot straight up into the night sky at what appeared to be a very high rate of speed until they would fade out of sight. The 12th UFO sighted in the series was the only one that continued along the Base of the mountain headed south.  This one faded out from fire ball red to what appeared to look like a dim fade of white and was traveling at a high rate of speed.  Crossed the area from north to south in about 3 seconds."
"Red lights glaring over the sky of Town of Sullivan, Madison County, NY My mother and my brother went to pick me up at this school for the Deaf Thursday April 6, 1978.  I was living in the dormitory during the week.  The reason my mother picked me up on Thursday that evening was because we had a flight to go to Daytona, Florida for a family vacation. As usual when she can pick me up, she drive on back roads instead of the NY State Thruway (1-90), I recalled very clearly we were on Route 5. I was 13 and half years old.  On the way home to Fayetteville, NY where we lived, we were approaching Town of Sullivan, NY, I saw what appeared to be a UFO.  I looked up and saw two fireballs still in the sky over this hill and it was not blinking at all.  Aircrafts usually do and high communication towers do blink as well.  I saw was one fireball appeared higher than the other fireball as my mother was driving by.  She could not see that UFO long enough to know since she was focus on driving on the road.  I was sitting up front as my brother was sitting in the back.  He saw it but ignored it. Often we drove by this area many times and at the time there were no towers.  The next time we went by, I saw no towers at the time. This event occurred around 20:00 hours since it was already dark out and I know I had my dinner at the Deaf school.  At first, I thought people would doubt me when I tell them about the UFOs I saw.  I was wrong since my family and friends told me the next day that in the local newspapers that they reported a UFO.  That UFO in the newspapers was NOT the same UFO I saw.  Their UFO that was in the newspapers was a halo.  It appeared above the other side of the City of Syracuse in the vicinity of Near West Side area.  Town of Sullivan is way out pass Eastern part of Onondaga County.  Town of Sullivan is in Madison County.  That would be about 30 minutes drive apart or so."
"El objeto despego a alta velocidad dejando una estela, era de ma\u00f1ana en un dia muy claro, aproximadamente a unos 10 km de distancia del observador, luego cruzo el cielo aumentando cada vez mas su velocidad en una trayectoria parabolica llegando a una altura de unos 10000 pies. Cruzo la cuidad en segundos segun mi punto de referencia. ES importante notar que en otras oportunidades tambien ha sido observado en la misma trayectoria. Unos dias antes desfilaron f16 y Mirages en formacion y este objeto hace parecer el vuelo de estas aeronaves como un juego de ni\u00f1os. El objeto dejo una estela muy clara y no producia ningun tipo de sonido. No  hay duda de que rompio la barrera del sonido. El objeto era metalico, brillante y de forma aerodinamica, pero el mismo tipo de estela lo cubria en su proa. Calculo su velocidad en unos 3000 Km por hora en su punto mas alto de vuelo. Fue impresionante. El objeto fue captado en el momento que un helicoptero comenzo a volar en forma erratica con su proa fuera de control por un espacio de tiempo muy corto, eso fue lo que llamo la atencion en primer lugar."
"Fireball thought to be a plane, but now heard thath it's not. ???? We were traveling home when a fireball went through the sky. I just considered it a falling star until I started hearing reports of a plane crash. But suddenly all reports were stopped and I heard nothing else except that nothing else had been found and it was just a meteor."
"Red orange fireball traveling slowly East to West, then dropped and disappeared, like it burst apart.  No trail left behind it at first, until it dropped in a controlled manner. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Amber lights the size of a large planet, moving in a straight line, one after another in a northerly direction.   First there was one and I thought it might be a low flying satellite, but it stopped directly overhead and moved slightly.  It was then followed by 2 then 3 more\u2014stopping, repositioning, then getting fainter as if moving away.   They were silent, traveled very straight\u2014no zigzagging, and seemed to reposition themselves in a precise manner.  Then the lights dimmed or grew fainter."
"Object entering southeastern Florida atmosphere at high velocity--NOT SPACE SHUTTLE Leaving my home for a late evening bike ride I noticed an object several feet above the treeline entering our atmosphere in the southeastern sky. I was confident that I was watching the space shuttle Discovery returning form it's mission. I watched as it streaked along the sky at a slow pace with what seemed to be sparks and embers trailing behind. It glowed orange and then red and back to a dark orange. After a few minutes it decended below the treeline where I could not see it. It also appeared to be losing its color. There were several aircraft that seemed to be in the vicinity so again I felt it was a normal shuttle landing. I just read that the shuttle landed around 1:00pm versus this event that I witnessed around 8:00pm. I have contacted several news outlets that have also had recent calls regarding this strange object. I have never seen something like this and wasn't unhinged about it until I found out it wasn't our space shuttle returning home. ((NUFORC Note:  The Space Shuttle had landed on November 05th, 2007.  PD))"
"Multiple U.F.O Sighting Northcliff,  Johannesburg, South Africa 10:45pm 21/03/2012 At 10:45pm CAT I walked outside our house to have a cigarette and looked up to see atleast 5 or 6 objects in a staggered formation in the sky. They where all at various altitudes ranging from very low to horizon (from my vantage point) to very high altitude. they were glowing red to orange and each one was a different intensity and colour. I noticed them as they were manoeuvring around quite vigorously in the sky. I immediately ran indoors to call my housemate to come look at what was in the sky. We both then went out and witnessed each of the craft move slowly up into the sky and at high altitude seemed to disappear. By 11:00pm the last of the objects faded out and we then thought they were gone. I tried to get picture and video on my cellphone but the camera could barely make them out. I then noticed my housemate had a much better cammera with a really big lens on it. He said he got a few snaps of them. Then suddenly I noticed one of the craft coming direc! tly over our heads at height of about a 1000 meters. It was glowing white but in a very faint fashion. It was clearly a disc-shaped craft and moving as fast as a helicopter would but in COMPLETE SILENCE. As it passed over it appeared to have a smaller glowing orb (spherical shaped) craft come out of the centre of the disc and drop down and move away in a westerly direction. The main (or bigger) craft continued at the same height in an south westerly direction. Again we managed to get some pictures before the object disappeared behind the trees. The formation of the craft where originally to the north of our position (Northcliff looking north towards Midrand area). The disc with the smaller orb like craft where heading in the direction of soweto, the smaller craft after detaching and moving in the same direction then veered westward toward Roodepoort. Entire sighting lasted roughly 20 minutes. There was no wind, conditions where clear and mild with no clouds. Venus was clear! ly visible directly north west of where we first saw the forma! tion of craft and its a new moon here tonight so that rules out astronomical objects entirely."
"Fleets holding position \t Every night in the Jacksonville, Florida Skies  A few weeks ago while star gazing, i started noticing that most of them were moving. Not in the direction of our planets rotation, but rather racing back n forth, turning on 90 degree n less angle turns. Also swaying back n forth. The movement from here on the ground would travel to what appears up to be about 1\" to 1-1/2\" before turning or curving back around in a different direction. That doesn't sound like much distance but if you consider that these objects are in our atmosphere, a star moving 1-1/2\" in the sky must be a pretty good distance of travel. And the speed that they travel this distance must be great as well. They seem to be in patterns and holding there positions for the most part and have been there a while now.... As crazy as it sounds and appeared to me myself, I had to get some other person/s to see this as well to insure i wasn't seeing things. So I had my kids come out as well as a few of their friends to see these objects as well.. The did in fact see t! hem and noticed there movements just as I was... I myself do not the equipment or resources to film these objects, but believe someone should try to document them with a high powered telescopic/camera. Just have to get this out there n tell someone...Thanks...If you witness this as well please comment back, also if you have the equipment to document this please send me a copy...Thanks again..."
"It looks like a star, same size but noticeably brighter.  Moving erratically."
"I was stargazing and I saw what looked like a line of stars moving slowly all together.  Sort of like a caterpillar made of lights, moving close together and all in a row across the sky. Every once in a while one of the lights would glow brighter. There also seemed to be a dark tail that followed the line and blacked out the stars behind it. It moved really slowly all the way across the sky. I saw it with my friend and another friend who was camping in the same town saw it as well."
"Silent round black object moving opposite the wind direction - Columbus, OH My observation was made at 3:50 PM, 1-31-2008  I was outside my workplace taking a break, when I saw what I thought was a large black balloon drifting overhead.  The object was traveling directly overhead at a slow speed (< 25 MPH) from the northeast to the southwest in the direction of downtown Columbus.  I would guess that the altitude was around 1500 \u20132000 ft.  The object was moving in a very straight line, with no changes in direction that I could tell.  There was no sound, and no lights.  I thought this was odd, because my location is approximately 3 miles due west of Port Columbus (Ohio) International Airport, in-line with the runways.  Planes are regularly approaching or taking off directly overhead, all day, everyday.  Today they have been on the approach path.  Adding to my concern was the realization that the wind was blowing the opposite direction that the object was moving. See below a copy of the National Weather Service report for Columbus, OH that I cut and pasted below.  This is the first time I have ever seen something like this that didn\u2019t have a rational explanation.   \t31\u00b0 Overcast\tFeels Like27\u00b0 \tReporting Station: KCMHRelative Humidity: 33%Wind: 70\u00b0 (ENE) at 8mphGusts: 0mphPressure: 30.3inYesterday's Precip: inYesterday's Low Temp: 15\u00b0FYesterday's High Temp: 46\u00b0F\tDew Point: 5\u00b0Visibility: 10miCeiling: 9000ftHeat Index: 31\u00b0Wind Chill: 23\u00b06hr Precip: in6hr Low Temp: 16\u00b0F6hr High Temp: 28\u00b0F  Raw Report Data: KCMH 311951Z 07007KT 10SM OVC090 M01/M15 A3031 RMK AO2 SLP276T10061150"
"3 fireballs I saw one bright orangish-red (what we thought to be) a fireball shooting through the sky and then it dimmed out after a few seconds.   Right afterwards I saw two more fireballs, close together.  They lit up the sky the same bright color and then one looked like it exploded, and then smoke emitted as it fizzled out.   The third one seemed to stay lit for a couple of minutes, but I drove off before seeing it fizzle out.   I\u2019ve never seen anything like it before, much less three. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Hovering lights seen in the sky from the top of Ancient Palms trail My friends and I walked to the top of Ancient Palms trail in Golden to see the fireworks shows of the surrounding areas.  At around 9PM the closest fireworks display in Golden began and most of us were turned in that direction watching. About 10 minutes later my friend tapped me on the shoulder and pointed in the opposite direction of the fireworks (east) and said \"What is that?\"  I turned and looked where he was pointing and saw 3 lights hovering in the sky.  They were completely stationary for about 15 seconds.  Then a fourth light appeared and they started moving slowly left to right in a perfect line. At this point my 4 friends and I were all watching and making a bit of a scene pointing and yelling in confusion and at least 10 other people had turned around and were looking too.  There were at least 30 people on top of the trail we were on, I can't say for sure how many people witnessed this object but there were several. The 4 lights appeared to be absorbed into one, and then would re appear as 4.  Then, all 4 disappeared suddenly, reappeared for a few moments, moved upwards slowly, and then disappeared again.  This all happened in less than 2 minutes. I heard one man ask one of the park rangers who were there if he saw the object and what he thought it was.  The trail ranger said hesitantly \"It was probably parachuters\", which made no logical sense.  No one had any other suggestions of what it was and everyone appeared to have the same uneasy feeling. These were not fireworks or like anything I have ever seen in my life.  I feel confident reporting this as there were several witnesses and no explanation for these lights."
"a large ufo shaped like a rectangle was observed  while riding a motorcycle in the broad daylight. i was on a motorcycle ride when i spotted this craft. it was pacing me at about 55 mph to my right.atthe same time a small unmarked black helicopter flew back toward me.this was observed at the intersection of polk road and hwy 66.so i then turned west on hwy 66west and later turned on college hill road.i no longer saw it until i reached the end of college hill road and then i could see it to my right.it then flew across the road over a orange grove.i obsered it for about a minute. then i turned left and i noticed it was pacing me at the right again at about 45 mph.i stopped and observed it over a phospate pit for about 30 seconds.since i was low on fuel iproceeded to go back the way i had come.as i turned right on college hill road the black helicopter flew across the road in front of me,but i just kept going.i never saw the ufo or helicopter again .i wish i had a camera. no sound was heard. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Green light trailing behind car on unlit highway I was driving down highway 24 in Manchester, TN, on a dark, unlit road, having taken over for my girlfriend, who had begun feeling tired.  We had driven approximately 18 hours from Rhode Island. I was following a friend who was about 1 mile ahead of us (it was a very flat, straight road) when I noticed a glowing green orb in my rear view mirror.  I thought it was a light from an advertisement on the side of the road (billboard, shopping plaza, etc.)    So I checked my blind spots and looked around me and, after doing so, noticed that the glowing orb was now only visible in my left hand mirror and seemed to be \"hovering\" behind the car (I say hovering because it was almost level with my car, leading me to believe it was not an airplane, helicopter, etc.). My girlfriend then noticed me start to breathe heavy and take my eyes off the road and asked what was wrong.  I got some breath and told her to look behind us.  She questioned me and didn't look (she was tired) so I said \"Look!\"  When she did the glowing light had disappeared. The road was entirely dark both before and after this incident occurred.  I wish I were able to more accurately describe the events of this night"
"Triangle shaped UFO in the sky moving around! So I was injoying the night view and I looked at the stars and 3 stars stared moving like they were connected hints the space craft, it looked like it was flipping around and moving side to side.  It slowly got further and further away and it disappeared.  I didn't know stars could move so it has to be UFO.  I also saw 3 other stars that were flying across the sky just a little faster than a airplane.  I would see one then it would go away then another one would come by.  About a 5 min difference, I thought they were planes but you clearly tell the difference between a star and a plane! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Friend and I saw a planet or moon.  Reddish yellow and craters. Half showing in west,  20 times size of moon half showing with horizon. I could not cut and paste on my computer.  My friend and I were going about 6 blocks away to Lowes.  When we turned West on Panama Lane, I said, &quot;Do you see what I see?&quot; My friend said, \"Yes.\"   It looked bright and reddish yellow with craters.  I thought it was Mars and then the moon.   It wasn't far from us.  It was about 30 times the size of the moon.  It seemed as though it would collide into Earth.  (It was that close)  We could see half as it was in the horizon like the sun going down.  I was so busy and figured that I would here about it from TV or radio or newspaper.   I was so busy that I didn't even try to here from the media the next day.   So many people were driving.  I should have flagged people down or ran back to get my camera.   It bothers me that I don't hear about anyone seeing this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"orange/teal sphere heading east to west 70-100 feet off the ground in light mist rain going against breeze at 2-3 mph This sighting was on a Saturday night August 9th approximate time was 22:30 hours i was burning brush and logs on this night and i had started the burn around 1900 hours and it was raining light off and on and a raining mist as i was under tree's as my pit is in back yard under three large tree's and fire was steady and being in a wheel chair a power chair that reclines i was having time to reflect on the up coming week at the national VA wheelchair games as i was flying out Monday! so i was enjoying it and as i was under the tree's had a perfect few of big tree's and my roof of my house and it was nice because my chair reclines so i was warm comfy and just kicking back as i looked toward the east around 2230 hours as my view was limited to my neighbor on the lefts front yard big pine tree then the roof line of my house and a large three that divides my neighbor on the right who is only here during mid winter months as he lives in the new York area and was n! ot home the street as i could tell was empty as everyone was in there houses .as i said i looked up towards the east and what i saw kinda shocked me because i thought it at first to be a loose weather balloons at one time i was stationed aboard aircraft carriers and land based air fields and have been around all types of aircraft in and out of military service! But this orange sphere was moving against the slight breeze at 2-3 mph going west and it had like two and at a time four pulsing light inside of sphere its orange color looked a little metallic as it was a orange and slightly teal not bright orange but going to bright as it passed my view did not see any thing hanging down as you would for a weather balloon no visual exterior lights! it was moving at this 2-3 mph past me at say 70-100 feet off the ground and i watched pass trees on my right but it either changed its course or direction because it never passed the stand of trees on my right toward my other neighbors! house! did not see anything as i was cleaning up from the bur! n and to ld my wife and kids what i had seen , well you can guess there reaction!! look i have seen about every kind of military or civilian aircraft in my time as i worked awhile at Hollywood/Burbank Calif at martin aviation during the time of the shunk  works for the stealth aircraft a watching black c-5 galaxy land every other night during 1983-84 years so i know what to look for if something was man made this was not! and its been bugging me trying to come up with with a logical explanation of what i saw !and i dont have one two months later! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"10 stars moving in a line from SW to NE early morning . . . I was deer hunting and was standing outside the camper gazing up at the sky. The stars were amazing out in the country. As I observed I noticed one light/star moving. I thought well that must be an airplane but the light did not blink then I noticed at a little ways back a second light moving exactly as fast and in the same direction as the first, then a third, a forth, a fifth, a sixth, a seventh, an eighth, a ninth, and a tenth. The string of lights was all the same brightness, size, and moving as if on a string from the south west to the north east. It covered a vast area from my view they stretched out over half the sky."
"orange lights over Greenville RI started in formation then disappeared from sky very weird We noticed what we thought were stars but they were bright orange. They began in a formation and then some flew out and some totally disappeared.  We then saw two appear across the sky and again totally disappear from sight.  One was glowing so brightly that we thought it may be a meteor because it appeared to be flaming."
"massive dark grey rectangle driving home from work i noticed a large light in the sky,  continued my route home watching the light,going down the final main road it was above me pulled up in the middle of the road got out and it was sailing above me it was massive total rectangle not a curve in sight dark grey in color, no visible windows, no sound at all, 3 led type lights along the side and 1 massive spotlight at the end,  it looked like it was moving very slowly. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact  information.  PD))"
"strange light in the sky I took a picture not having noticed anything strange and after some hours checking the photos I saw a picture of a ligth sphere in the sky first I thought it was a big piece of dust in my kamera but all the other photos are ok"
"Me and my friends were fishing tonight I looked up into the sky to see an orange light moving very slowly about dime size if held as far as I could in front of me. I told everyone to look it\u2019s a ufo one person looked and said it\u2019s a plane. So we fluffed it off Then about 5min. later I looked back again to see not 1 but 4 orange objects in the sky 3 of which were in a perfect triangle the other to the left in an instant the triangle went from up in the sky to down the mountainside, Then slowly they moved away from each other left and right Then they dissipated slowly one by one the last being what I thought to follow ,the top of the triangle."
"In the Summer of 99 in Chicago I witnessed a UFO up close My sister, friend and I were on my back patio which was on the top floor of the apartment complex located on Beacon and Lawerence Ave when we noticed a bright chrome flying craft In a far distance which seemed to be hovering above the lake and I we were baffled trying to figure out what it could be because we knew it wasn't any aircraft we've witnessed before but as kids we ignored it after 5 minutes because it just stayed there hoovering.  My sister and friend were horsing around but I stayed put by the railing looking at them all of a sudden something made me look up I can't remember what it was but when I did these bright intense lights that I can look directly into without blinking floaters or watering of the eyes was right above me approximately 6 ft and I could see the craft it was so huge that only a quarter of it was visible the rest was stretching over multiple apartment buildings and over mine as well.  It was soundless and chrome but I couldn't see a! ny doors or markings on it only the bottom.  All I remember was looking down after looking at it for about 2 to 3 mins but it seemed longer then back up and it was gone without a trace.  The odd part about not only seeing such a thing was that it was never mentioned nor thought of not even with eachother until years later so Idk whether or not they abducted me and erased my memory.  I also have a lump/ ball in my right upper arm that's never been checked. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Diamond shaped craft> I was outside smoking, and I always have view suitable for refractors.   An \"aircraft\" appeared in the West and was moving, heading through the tree line like a normal high flier so I assumed it was a liner or multi cargo above 32-35+.   That night more like that whole month nothing but hot breezeless conditions so if it was @ the normal alt, sound would have eventually caught up.   As it began to clear the trees, the consistency of the lights without flicker and movement made it clear that this thing was not high, but to my best guess, maybe no more than 10k.  It didn't move fast at all but the strangest thing was it had zero deviation from its heading, and never even until it had passed out of view made any noise at all.   The aircraft's shape was square, according to the four white solid lights (no pulse) but moved with one corner ahead like a diamond.  I couldn't see anything else about it but as it really seemed to reflect nothing at all.   I am not a UFO guru, but I have spent 12 years as a navigator in a marine tanker unit and in my hours I have seen alot of ((deleted)) weird stuff, but this has to be the most mind boggling of all.  Maybe somebody has seen what I have (joke: just don't shoot at it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"UFOs photographed Xmas Eve near Ely Carthedral, Cambridge, England My name's ((name deleted)). I've taken photos of UFOs near Ely Cathedral, Cambridge, England.  I was there for the Xmas Eve Carol Service.  The photos were part of a steetlamp experiment that was inspired by Miceal Ledwith and Klaus Heinneman's book The Orb Project. I was fascinated by Miceal's theory on Orbs as fluorescing beings and had similar observations myself.  I wanted to take the experiment into a different direction - that of shooting straight into fluorescing streetlamps.  I have been astounded by some of the results. But the biggest discovery was before I shot the photos.  I was aiming the camera at the streetlamp when I saw the UFO materialise.  I didn't even have my finger on the button to activate the infra-red or flash. Like looking at the UFO in a live movie, I noticed something interesting.  If I tilted the camera left or right, up or down very slightly, perhaps no more than 5 to 10 degrees, the Orbs came into view or vanished, or demonstrated a partial materialisation as can be seen in the selection of photos. The UFOs were perfectly still! If I moved the camera slightly left or right, I got the phenomena I've documented above.  When I moved the camera back to its original angle, they were there again in clear view.  I know it sounds unbelievable, but the photos I shot are the proof."
"Triangle Craft with escort. 2 Craft.  Heading due south, slow speed Front Craft was triangle shaped.  Large red slow flashing light toward center rear, Small blue white lights on the corners with 3 moreon the nose section non blinking.   2nd Craft following directly behind was a straight row of lights,  2 bright white strobes on the ends with 2 red flashing in the center.  No noise.  elevation about 5 thousand feet.  Partly cloudy skies. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite serious minded.  PD))"
"UFO sited 3 times in Columbia SC area, approximately 22 hours each time. This is the third time I have seen this object.  Today 11/16/2013, Thursday 11/14/2013 and earlier in the week but I do remember exactly which day.  Each siting happened approximately 22 hours. Object was seen just above a tree line.  It was cigar/flat shaped, had a red light on one side, a green on the other and seemed to be strobing bright white light in the center.  It appears out of no where....hovers, moves slightly left, and right, went down below the tree line and up again, and on one occasion, did a kind of loop.  It then just disappears. This is definitely not an airplane. Tonight, I had a friend witness this with me and we used a binoculars to look at it. We could easily make out the colors, but no definition of the center with the low power binoculars. My site is Irmo SC, but the object was off to the West."
"air fest mcdill air force base,two ufo's spotted-11-6-12 11-6-2012. air fest mcdill air force base. before the thunder birds did their show 2 pm ish..  we where looking into the sky at the air craft flying and i noticed a round shinny object in the sky siting there. and it would move from time to tim a little bit and then sit .  like it was watching the air show. i told others around me , do you see that and they said yea, what is it ?  we even looked through binoculars to get a better look .it was round shinny .way up high ,above everything at the air fest.one guy who saw this object even told the military police, who where patroling the air fest. one of the mp's even called it in on the radio.then 10 mins.  later you can see a pair of high flying f16's flying in its direction. as the planes past it ,the object started going north east,slowly. and a few mins later the f16s came back around,then the object went south east slowly at first,the zip ...gone to the west.whatever this object was it was way higher than the f16! 's and way faster..it seemed like it went up and out of here rather than flying away..and after the thunder birds did their show many people started leavig the base,,there was a huge line out of base and realy slow and i noticed a guy in the truck next to me in line out of base looking and pointing into the sky ,so i looked and there was another object ,it looked the same as the other one earler.just siting there.  i also noticed that there was 3 groups of military air craft flying around the base at high altitude 6 planes in all and one bigger plane with a dish on top flying,radar plane ?this was kinda spooky ,right over the air base with a lot of witneses, including MP's....from my point of view our planes had no chance of catching whatever it was .turned sharply,flew real fast,and just hoovering,and disapeared,not away from us ,but west a little then up..and gone..."
"UFO Rzesz\u00f3w I in car close almost to Rzesz\u00f3w. I see and with 3 different person metal circle 'round' above hill. It 30m in wide and long. It above 60m the hill and bright blue lights on bottom.  It move slow first, and fast later. It fast as jet plane when fast, slow as bird when slow.  It make small steam. No noise. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large shadow flew over head very fast I was walking my dog in a park set between an apartment complex on the North (approximately) side, condos and a school on the South side;  this park is located aproximately 3/4 mile from a small/medium sized airport.  It is small, but not rural and jets fly in and out as well as small aircraft.  It is also in the flight path to the Dallas airport and the DFW airport.  Those planes fly higher.  Usually there are at least 4 visible aircraft in the area (often more at that time of evening), most flying higher in route to somewhere else.  I am an educated person, employed as a software developer for a medium sized software company.  What I saw was higher than any of the planes and moved faster than any I have seen.  I grew up near an airforce base so I have seen some fast aircraft. (even the stealth bomber when it was still secret).  This seemed to be huge because of the altitude it seemed to be traveling.  Mostly what I saw was an outline, like a shadow moving across the sky.  It was too uniform to be a cloud in a jet stream like one of my friends suggested.  It moved approximately south from one side of the sky to another and dissapeared.  I had been lookng at the big dipper when I noticed it.  about a minute later it appeared again moving in the opposite direction.  The shape made me think of a boat moving fast in the water - the front (based on direction) was shaped like the wake a boat would make; the back was similar shape but smaller. The best way I could describe it was if you were standing on the bottom of a lake and a large ship passed over very fast, that is the shape I saw."
"Lime green lozenge -shaped light shot across the sky. I was sitting on my back porch with my cat.  At a few minutes after 9pm, a lime green lozenge-shaped light appeared on my right heading toward the Santa Cruz mountains.  There was no sound and no disintegrating effect like a meteor.  The edges of the light were fuzzy.   The light shot over the mountains.  As it did, it illuminated the underside of the clouds.   I ran into my house yelling that I had seen a UFO.  I immediately telephoned Vandenberg Air Force Base to ask if they had launched anything and they said no. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"This was seen by my family.  I just got word over facebook about what was going on. brother former cop and also one other witness.   I live about a hour and half northeast of event.  I'm about fifty five miles south of  Canadian border.  Seen three different videos of strange light witch seemed to hover in one video but also light changing.  these videos were taken off of cell phones so there not the best. another video was chasing it but not able to catch it.  it then takes of from right to left then vanishes.  I cant give family members names because I haven't got permission.  just believe it has something to do with Manitoba crash.  only about nine and a half hours away from it.  was not able to upload videos but have them on facebook and youtube.  under my channel dominic sartwell 13.  lots of people said link was broken and also a day after trying to send videos to media my real cloud was hacked and also Microsoft account was hacked.  found this to be strange.   i well email you videos I took bye recording them from lab top bye using phone.  I do have one original video."
"Four cloud shrouded lights to the east of town moving in erratic jerks. There were four cloud shrouded lights to the east of town.  They were moving back and forth and in circular motions.They appeared to be over Interstate 81 which is about 2 miles east of town."
"Triangular lights, hovering, no sound.... I was with my wife,heading south, going to store in my auto.  noticed a bright white flash of light in sky the  about 6 city blocks from me  .thought it might be a low flying helicopter.proceeded south and noticed 2 yellowish orange lights where the initial flash came from.   I then pulled into store parking lot, almost under lights.grabbed my binoculars and got out of the car.looked up and could see nothing but blacker than the sky and still 2 lights.leaned down into car and said to my wife,do u see that?what the hell is that?  Looked up,now 3 lights in triangle shape, hovering...still no sound, and had a Feeling it or they seen me....whatever it was ,was big,based on light pattern,and i would say it was about 400 yards in the air,i am not positive, but i would say 3 or 4 football fields in the air.  still not seeing anything thru binocs but blacker than the sky triangle.  i put binocs in car, look up and its gone....do a 360 and the only thing i see is a small rectangle of! light as bright as the first flash i seen, heading north/ northeast and getting smaller and smaller until it disappeared from my view in a heartbeat. still dumbfounded....not a big UFO guy.   Didnt know who to report it too or if i should even bother.  But i cant stop wondering what this was.  can be reached by email provided if necessary.  thank you."
"2 Bright Red lights moving in opposite directions (South and North) very slowly just below the clouds. No sound."
"two yellow light subjects with stable speed but changing their place with each other crossed the sky in a straight way in plain heights We were 4 on the roof and we saw 2 subjects like stars but a little yellow.  hey had no sounds.  they were crossing the sky in a straight line but they change their place with each other frequently in 180 degrees and then they return to their previous situation.  with this harmony they croosed the sky with a stable speed.  their light were mat and turbid.  they went further and further till they disappeard."
"Lights flying in the sky At around 10:25 pm my cousin and I went outside for a cigarette. We live off a main road in Cumberland and we sat in our cars in our parking lot.  As my cousin was busy with her iPhone I happened just to look up at the sky.  There were several clear patches through the misty clouds (we had a thunder storm not too long ago) and I saw two tiny dots of light. I want to say they were white/bluish in color but because it's a busy street with lights on it I am not 100% sure. also the lights never flashed/blink like a plane would. Now there two lights, going over my head (southbound).  Both distance from each other. However the one further behind started bearing to the left (east bound). The first one still going over my head disappeared behind the clouds.  Since I lost sight of that one I looked for the second one, it went behind a tiny patch of cloud and stop in a clearing. It just stopped, as if hovering then dimmed out. I thought I was seeing things so I looked for the first one \u00a0but it was no longer in the path it was going.  The strange things is I looked at the north bound again where I original saw the lights before and there was one in the same spot, just hovering. I wanted to dismiss it as a star but it started moving in the same direction as the first one.  Then it started getting crazy and I saw several different ones at the time.  One would hide behind a cloud going one straight direction but then come out going a completely different way. If it was a plane it would made a wide turn, this seem to spin on a dime. I had seen strange things...but nothing like this."
"my grandson and i were going home on the exspressway route 84 we were east bound.  we were almost at the mt cobb exit 8 when we saw this bright light coming towards us.   I thought it might be a plane about to crash so I slowed down.  We thught it might be on the bridge but it wasn't on the bridge. it was a round light about six inches radius with a yellow orangeand red outer area with a white center.   it went across the west bound hwy which is a couple of lanes and it was about four feet above the metal dividers and it was moving across into to the east bound in a north to south direction.   we watched as it went towards the woods. it was about 25 feet in front of us at one time. it took about 12 secounds. I'm still shaking. i did not know if i should call the police. my daughter told me to search the web. I hope this is what i was suppose to do."
"Crazy. Camping and four lights appear in a horizontal line.  Blinking repeatedly.   Been here many times and have never seen. Lights extend from above the mountain range to high in the sky.  No cell tower but looks like one!   Will report back.  Been happening for 15 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume an evening sighting, and have amended the date above.  PD))"
"Circular glowing craft, extremely fast. My girlfriend and I were exiting off the Nashua Everett Turnpike, towards the Nashua Police Station, when my girlfriend spotted a large, extremely white and brightly glowing circular craft in the sky.  It was moving extremely fast in a North-West direction, almost flying completely diagonally.  However it was way WAY too high up to be a plane, nor was it the shape of a plane.  We began filming and shortly after shutting the camera off, we completely lost sight of it as though it had disappeared. After this we went to swim nearby, further down West Hollis Street, near the Harley Davidson shop.  For the next 15 minutes, we continuously saw the same thing over and over. Perfectly circular, extremely white, and bright, craft, moving 5 times faster than any plane I've ever seen.  However, one of the crafts, instead of climbing diagonally, shot STRAIGHT UPWARDS.  And vanished.   After this we saw nothing else but it disappeared into thin air.  And so did the others. ((NUFORC Note:  We have made one attempt to contact the witness via telephone, but there was no answer at the number provided.  PD))"
"Telephoned Report:  A woman called the NUFORC Hotline to report that she had witnessed a single object descend, and apparently strike the ground.   She reported that a police cruiser was nearby, and she assumed that the officer also saw the same event.  We are awaiting a follow-up written report from the witness, who is a trained medical professional.  We would very much like for this person to submit a report, as she promised she would.  PD"
"3 white lights flying in a 300 foot (plus) evenly spaced horizontal formation. 2 witnesses I was standing on my deck just before midnight after letting my dog out.  The deck is at the back of my house facing west.  I was looking up at the stars (very clear night) in the northern sky, specifically the big dipper formation.  At that point a grouping stars caught my eye because I hadn\u2019t noticed them earlier.  I then realized they were moving in formation.  There were 3 bright white lights that were moving in a perfect horizontal line heading north east.  The formation in my estimation was anywhere from 300 feet to much grater depending on if they were actually satellite height or higher.  It was difficult to tell how far away they were but I would guess they were at passenger jet height.  There was at minimum a 100 foot gap, or again much greater, between each light and I was unable to hear sound.  As they were going by they moved slowly enough for me to shout at my wife several times to wake her up in the house on the couch sleeping.  She finally came out and! saw the lights a few seconds before they disappeared behind the neighborhood trees.  My wife said she saw them as red lights where I saw bright white lights.  We think the discrepancy was because she had just opened her eyes from sleeping.  They weren\u2019t flashing, they resembled slowly moving stars. We cannot explain this encounter to be anything less than incredible.  There is no question that my wife and I saw something we can\u2019t explain away or say that we saw anything that resembles a man made machine."
"Three Lights off of 45 highway near Weston and over Bluff Road My son and friend noticed lights in a very rual area, no street lights gravel raod.  They investigated and when they would slow down the lights would slow down and hoover.   All three lights then combined and made one red light then went straight up into the sky.   When the objects  were hoovering they were at tree height.   The three UFO's also changed colors.  The outside temp. was approx. 30 degrees.  Which rules out grass hoppers, bugs, etc.  My son said that the object was the size of a large trashcan.   Have you ever seen anything like this before?"
"Falling unidentified object from sky.  Local police received many reports of falling craft, but upon investigation nothing was reported found."
"Unknown object/3 lights, camouflaged when motionless against a clear night sky. I intended to see the ISS when I saw this object which looked very much like 3 ordinary and very 'normal' individual stars in the sky at first, each together formed an equilateral triangle about 'one hands length' apart from each other if you held your hand out in front of you. Anyway, it was a clear, starry night and these 'star like objects' were directly above me and they held this equilateral formation as they began to twist and slowly float towards town..  which is in an Easterly direction,  it made no sound and appeared lower than I first thought,  the lights appeared to be connected to each other some how, as it was turning, like if 3 lights were attached separately to each point of a triangular frame..  but no frame or anything inside the three points of light was visible as it passed across the stars behind it.   Very strange and eerie."
"Green Light seen  flying towards Michigan with a yellowish-green trail. Green, shooting-star type object. This object was going down to earth on a slight angle.  There was the object and a trail of Yellowish-green tail.  It was seen from two eye-witnesses, one in Rockford, Michigan. The other in Big Rapids, Michigan.  At first I thought this was a shooting-star, but the object seemed to be coming closer to earth and was too big."
"I was backpacking with my brother and our next door neighbor in and around Allens Park on July 04 1976. These were not firesworks.  I was 15 at the time. we were questionted at the time.  I woke up and saw a brilliant light while were backpacking.  I shouldn't say anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Very loud slow moving equilateral triangular aircraft with 3 white lights on bottom connected by red/peach colored lines This happened on 8/3/09 around 23:34.  I was in bed when I heard an extremely loud grating engine sound.  It didn't sound like any aircraft I've ever heard before and I actually thought it might be a plane about to crash into my building.  I live in an apartment in an industrial building and have no other neighbors, so as far as I know I am the only witness.   My building faces an open field on the edge of a bay and a marina to the left/north and also another industrial building across the street.  Beyond the bay is an oil refinery of which some of the lights are visible above the roof of the building, those lights are a steady orange.  I got out of bed and went to my window to look when it sounded like it had passed overhead.  All my lights were out so I was able to see fairly decently in the dark and what I saw was a black equilateral triangular aircraft flying overhead going east. The points of the triangle were pointy, not rounded.  If I had to guess at the dimensions, I'd say this would be approximately 40-50 feet long on each side but I confess I am not spacially adept.  I saw a plane flying in the same area heading north the next night and in comparison to this aircraft the plane is  tiny.  I was only able to see the bottom of the aircraft so I have no description of thickness or what the top or sides of it looked like.  I can't estimate very well how high up it was but I might say a few hundred to 1000 feet above my building.  It seemed to be moving more slowly than a normal airplane would be flying.  The aircraft was solid and each point of the triangle had a large white light and the lights appeared to be connected by thick red/peach colored lines.  There were no lights in the center of it and no other lights that I saw. One of the points of the triangle was pointed toward the direction the aircraft was headed.  So, looking at the back end of the aircraft, the light on the right side of it was flashing in a steady rhythm, maybe 1 flash every 2 seconds or so, it was the only light flashing and only in white.  While the other two lights were not lighting up, they were still visible.   After a couple of minutes, the light at the front of the triangle began to flash white just like the other light and the two lights alternated in a steady rhythm.  I watched this fly in a fairly straight path until it was almost to faint to see, I never saw the third light flash. I do live 30 miles from a military base and considered it might be something from them but I don't know what aircraft out there is triangular.  I also live in the flight path of helicopters from our hospital and know this was not a helicopter. I spent some time looking at images online the next day and know this wasn't an Aurora or a stealth plane, nor was it an Osprey based on the pictures I found.  The object was solid and didn't have any wings.  It was literally a flying triangle and extremely loud, unlike any other aircraft I have ever heard or seen before.   I'm extremely curious to know what it was that I saw!"
"Bright light off the SW coast of California I was driving South on Coast Highway around 7:45am, when I noticed a bright light hovering above the Ocean. I immediatly thought this was too bright to be a plane or helicopter. The body of this object looked like an aluminum soda with a bright light illuminating from the bottom of the can (lying side down). I shifted my eyes to make sure I was staying on the road, and when I looked back at the same location, it had disapeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Silver disk flying in distance, seen from Mississauga school yard From my school's yard, where there must've been more than 100 people, but they did not pay as much attention to the sky as I did, and may have took the ufo as a plane..  The ufo was silver and never made any sounds, and if it was a plane, then I would have heard a sharp noise, but I didn't. It was far in the distance and was faster than a plane, and much more silent, no noises. It looked like shiny dark silver, was hovering in high altitude and was completely silent, it was flying at a high speed, as if it was flying faster than a plane in the same hight above ground.  The disk was more sharp looking than a plain one, kind of like it had another part to it rather than a disk as whole. It flashed a sun like light once and another after a few seconds again, then when my friend caught my attention, I looked back but it was gone.  The school yard had more than 100 people on it, there was 2 basketball courts on the left side where people played, there was trees on the left side around the corner of the school, there were houses infront of my followed by a forest like area, and the sky was mostly sunny and clear with only a few light, thin clouds.  The shape was a disk, kind of like a cigar, but looked more like a disk, and like there was some type of other parts to it sticking from the sides, it was silver, and shiny. It flashed lights 2 times. It hovered over in the distance, from right to left, and then disappeared. There was only 1 of them. It didn't make any sound, and was silent the whole time. It was going at a faster speed than an airplane, and smoother, plus there wasn't any type of trace of fuel coming out the back, such as the while gas/line an airplane leaves in the sky, but this object didn't leave a trail such as that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"5 orange orbs appeared in the southern sky, below cloud cover, and hung suspended for several minutes. UFO reporting center,   Last Friday or Saturday (5-15/16-15) I think it was Saturday around 9:50pm, my wife called me outside to look at the southern sky.  Hanging suspended below the clouds were 3 orange orbs, a beautiful shade of orange.  These orbs hung suspended without moving and no noise.  Over several minutes each of these orbs, which were formed a roughly triangle formation, faded then blinked out.  As they faded they flattened out. Before the last one faded out two more appeared the western sky and slowly rose until they were in the same area as the first 3.  As they arrived the last of the first 3 faded out.  These two hung suspended, just as the first 3 did, with no noise until they flattened out and faded out. We live in Western Oregon.  Did anyone else report these orbs?  My wife called emergency dispatch and later a deputy called and talked with me about this but he wasn\u2019t bright enough to spell ufo so I don\u2019t think he believed me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Me and my 65 year old mom were on her front porch when I saw 3 red lights low in the night sky, they were stationary at first, then they slowly started drifting up, at first glance they looked like red stars, then over the next 10 minutes we watched about 7 more of these red orbs one at a time drift around almost like a kite in a light wind, until they each drifted out of sight"
"I saw not a plane or a Helicopter.  I saw this thing it was real.No sound but the sound of birds going to roost for the night. I used my Phone to video it, I saw a large  Orange round shape in the sky , it was glowing. It had a half moon glow, less orange, half way around the circle, it.  It moved slowly to the left.  Above residential homes,  My hands were moving as I was walking my dogs. It really glowed, then it grew smaller. The half moon glow dissapeared,  It still pulsated.  It changed shaped slightly and changed colour.  It turned white but had other colour's glowing around the outside of the ball. Red, Blue, Purple, Yellow.  It changed and grew smaller, it still moved slowly.  It dissapeard with out a trace.  I heard no sound it was not a plane, it was not a helicopter.  It did not act or behave the way a helicopter or a plane behave's."
"Ontario Oregon: A bright yellow-ish light moved across the NE sky, too close and too fast to be a plane. In Ontario, Oregon, at around 4:22 am, I witnessed a bright light outside my window in the sky.  I would call the color yellow, but it seemed to be a little more faded than a true yellow.  It seemed to have manifested out of nothing and traveled, from my perspective, what seemed like in inches.  Then disappeared as quickly as it appeared. It was round, but only in the sense that light is \"round.\"  It had a sort of light around it too, but it could have just been me seeing the light from whatever I saw shining around it. Looking out the window, it was in the northeastern part of the sky.  It seemed to be a bit closer to me than a plane would be and it was brighter.  The light was not flashing.  It also seemed to traveling faster.  But I can\u2019t be totally sure, I keep slowing the event down in my mind to try to understand. What truly irked me about this was that earlier in the night, I saw a shooting star.  It was quite dim, and was traveling horizontally to the horizon in the western sky.  And the night before last I went out to my car to get my cell phone and I saw a shooting star then.  But it seemed very close and very bright.  But this light was more of a white-blue color.  And it traveled down in the western sky. I think it was only in the sky for a few seconds, but it went behind trees.  It was still bright enough to see through the tops of trees but I can\u2019t be sure how long it was actually there. I am 19 years old.  I have always believed in life beyond our planet.  But I had never seen evidence of it. I do not get paranoid.  I do not subscribe to conspiracy theories.  I am very skeptical about most things.  I think I have a pretty good head on my shoulders, but this really scared me.  I\u2019m still very confused by it.  I just want to know what I saw."
"I went down to Colo Sprgs for a work conference on Sun, 6/24/18.  I was staying at a hotel near I-25 and Circle Dr.  This hotel had patios and balconies for smokers or people who just wanted to sit outside.  The room I stayed in was on the first floor, near the tennis/basketball courts.   Anyway, I had just gotten back from having dinner with a friend of mine and I was starting to wind down for the night.  The drive down there from Denver was horrible because we encountered major storms earlier in the day.  Lots of heavy rains and hail from Denver to the Sprgs.  So I decided to go out on the patio and have a smoke or two before I went to bed. I was out there for about 5 or 10 mins, when I suddenly saw a white translucent chevron aircraft flying silently to the South/Southwest.  I couldn't believe my eyes!  I have never seen one of these objects before.  It was flying around 2000-3000 ft. up in the air and it was moving very fast.  Unfortunately, there was a large tree close to where I was standing and the object flew behind the tree and I didn't see it again. As soon as I noticed it was gone for good, I noticed several perfect circles (a bit larger than basketballs) that were also white and translucent that were much lower in the sky, and they were much closer to me and my position!  At first, I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, so I started to rub them.  But as soon as I stopped rubbing them, I saw more of the white circles just hovering in the air. There were people playing tennis that night and there were other people on one of the other courts because I could hear them being really loud and laughing about something, but I didn't know what.  I didn't get the impression that any of them saw what I just saw, but I don't know for sure.  I did not sleep well that night at all and I kept getting the impression that something was watching me.  It was so creepy!  I have had numerous UFO sightings over the past 21 years, but I've never seen anything like these objects."
"Large westward moving blue-white meteor  18:34 MT seen from Taos, NM This was almost certainly a large meteor.  It was a very bright white (nearly blue-white) ball.  It appeared directly overhead and headed straight west at high speed covering 30 to 35 degrees of sky in approximately 3 seconds.  It then appeared to simply go out, which I assume was its  burning up in the atmosphere.  I have witnessed many meteor showers and this was very similar."
"In the Summer of 2013 I was on my front porch in Heflin, Alabama.  I was looking at the Southern Sky just about dark (central time).  I had been looking each night for a comet, that was supposed to be seen in our area.  I did not see the comet, BUT I did see this large round object through my binoculars. The first thing I said to myself was, \u201cWhat in the hell is that?\u201d  I was home alone at the time so no one else saw it, so I decided not to say anything about it.  Since then, I have only told my wife.  It has really bothered me every day since I saw it. I just want to know if anyone may know what I saw, and/or if anyone else has reported seeing something similar during the same time period?  It is driving me crazy not knowing what I saw!!  I am no artist, but I have drawn a picture to show you what it looked like.  Per the conversation you had with my wife on 20OCT2016,   I have scanned the picture and emailed it to you, with the subject line of: \u201cUFO Sighting - Summer of 2013 \u2013 Heflin, Alabama\u201d  It was almost dark and looking through my binoculars at the Southern Sky (CT), this round object appeared.  It looked like it was giving off a fiery light and had to be huge!!   I observed it for about 30 seconds, then it just suddenly vanished!!  I know what I saw and no one will convince me otherwise.   I will be willing to take a lie detector test, or to be hypnotized if it will help to confirm my statement.  Many thanks for your time and assistance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"3 red lights hovering over Waikiki waters I'm walking to the end of the Waikiki pier(the one close to starbucks) to take pictures with the family, and I'm looking at the sky trying to find the Big Dipper.   All of a sudden 3 red lights appeared straight ahead of me.  They were hovering in the sky close to the water, then 2 of them moved behind 1, making it look like it they disspeared.  Moments later they came out from behind that 1 red light. They don't form any shape, they were more like in a horizontal line next to each other.  I thought they were going form a triangle at that point.  After that they started moving farther out into the ocean but only 1 could be seen at that point. I am visiting Hawaii for 2 weeks, I'm 18 y/o female, from Toronto, & I'm fascinated with UFOs. I've done some research in the past.  I wish I took a video, but I was too distracted by the movements of the lights."
"I am relaying,  a Sightings Location and Proximity to possible Key Investigative Areas of Intrest.. I did not personally witness this event however, I have just seen a report of it on the local NBC affiliate - Channel 12 KPNX Phoenix Az. This report aired during the 10:00 p.m. broadcast.  This Sighting(which WAS FILMED also) occured in the Northern Portion of Phoenix. The Sighting was reported from North (18500 n. block) 7th Street and Union Hills(Street Intersection) Area.  The area is mostly Housing, with the 101-Pima Freeway(Runs East and West) located 1 mile North of the 7th Street and Union Hills Intersection. To the N.W. (appx.) 2.5 miles of the Intersection, is \"Deer Valley Airport\". East of the Airport are small mountains and Desert area. The Lights filmed were \"Definately Not\" Conventional Aircraft. There were 4 Points of light, White and they maintained no consistant shape or formation. They occasionaly blinked and moved. Then each one \"winked out\". And were gone.. The Report was fresh, So Details are yet to be reported, Reguarding: Movement,Direction(s),Color Variations, Behaviour(s) and any Related Anomilies ect.  Being a Native of Phoenix for 48+ years, I can attest that Peculiar Lights are... On, Or just above the Mountains around the valley fairly often. Usually, They seem to \"Hang Out\" alot around or near the TV/Radio/Microwave Towers on the Mts. Or on the Mts. Peaks and Ridges. They have Demonstraited Deliberate, Evasive(and)Invasive type Behaviour(s)By Mimicking; Tower(Beacon)Lights,Stars,Car Headlights, even Traffic Signal Lights. And By Adjusting their size, You can't really approximate their distance.(They can appear distant, And possibly large.  But, Actually be Very Small and \"Uncomfortably Close\".)They are Brilliant at Being Deceptive. They \"Pretend\" To be a Distant Aircraft in the Sky, Stars, or a Car on a far off road. They can Blend into Reflection(s), And Match Their Immediate Background(s)Scenery.."
"the object just stood there quietly just starring at use it filled the sky . Me and my father, brother were sitting outside behind the car port talking and looking at the sky we had a clear veiw . are house was in the rear behind our landlords house we were surrounded by large trees and woods it was a queit nigth when a large object appeared it had lots of ligths it just stood there ,like it was looking at us there was no sound ,it was shape like a large bird with its wings spread out (oval) shape there was a large tree in front, the object moved beheind the trees and that slowly came back and in an instent desappaered . i say it was like 5 to 10 mins. my brother said that it was probly a weather balloon but i have never seen any weather ballon like that , my father told us nver to say a word about what we say that night . i was about 7 yrs. old the year 1977. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Object that appeared to be satellite, changed speed and course, then stopped and hovered.  Object split in two and departed I took my dogs for a walk and was watching satellites fly over. After viewing 5 satellites within an hour, I returned home and went out back to have a smoke.  I subsequently looked-up not expecting to see another object after 5 satellites in quick succession, and sure enough what first appeared to be a 6th satellite moving at variable speeds, then slowed, turned roughly 110 degrees to north and stopped then hovered at approximately orbit elevation for about 3 minutes before splitting in two and flying away in separate directions.   I am a firm believer in a multitude of life forms existing in this and other universes and in other dimensions as well, however this is the first unexplainable/unidentifiable object I've been privileged to see,   AWESOME...They're Here!!!"
"Silver, upside down T-shaped flying object hovering low slowly and quietly then flew away in about 3 minutes My brother and I were lying down on our front yard to read books. Then I saw a flying object silently and slowly flying across on the top of our house. I was immediately struck at how low it was flying and how quiet it was. Our house was located at the edge of a hill, so I immediately ran up to the rooftop, which was easily accessible through the upper room. I grabbed a small, juvenile telescope from the upper room and tried to examine it more closely from the rooftop. By the time my brother and I were on the rooftop, it was slowly hovering across the town towards south and then quickly sped higher into the cloud and disappeared little later. Here is the description of what I saw through my telescope. It was completely silver in color, and it was an upside down T-shaped flying object.  A drawing would be better to explain how it looked like, but it looked like two large cylinder pipes stuck together to form a shape of letter T. The ends were rounded off. Although it was somewhat hard to tell how far it was from where I was standing when I started examining it with my mini-telescope, I think it was at least 12 feet in diameter at the base. There were no windows, doors, or any blinking lights. However, some black letters were visible across the bottom of the flying object. I still remember how the characters looked like, and even to this day, I have yet to see any human scripts that resemble those characters. I have gone through http://www.omniglot.com to find any scripts that may look familiar, but I couldn\u2019t find any. I have kept this information to myself over all these years, because whenever I would tell someone about it, I was made fun of, and even my younger brother, who was with me at the time, seems to recollect very little about it. That\u2019s probably because I was the first one with the telescope and by the time I gave the telescope to my brother it was farther away and he had trouble locating it on the view. I decided to make a report on this website, because I have not seen any other UFO sightings where letters were involved, and in this type of shape. I\u2019d be able to recognize those letters if I were to see it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"UFO sighted in Milton, Vermont Today on the bus, I was talking to my girlfriend and she looked out the window and said \"is that a shooting star?\" I said \"no, its just a jet\" We then kept looking at it and I noticed that the tail of smoke which the jet left behind was staying the same length and was only a small white line...  Another thing I noticed was that it was at about a 30 degree angle titling upward but it slowly moved horizontal and not in the direction which the line was pointing.  It then slowed down at times and sometimes would appeared that it jolted backwards for a second... It slowly moved into the clouds... I also noticed that there was no jet in front of the \"jet smoke\". This sighting happened at about 7:25 AM. I am convinced that it was a UFO... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate. Possible meteor??  PD))"
"Traveling by truck on Rte 105 East from Derby to East Charleston. Observed a bright orange light traveling slowly (est. 80-100mph)from southeast to northwest. It was full darkness and sky was overcast(approx 500ft) and object was below clouds.  Object size estimated 40 to 50 feet with no discernible outlines.  No anti-collision, landing or strobe lights noted.  I stopped my truck in the parking lot of an abandoned gas station to watch the object.  There was no sound coming from it as it passed overhead.  The object faded rapidly into the overcast, apparently accelerating upward at an angle. Note:  The US Border Patrol sometimes flies fairly large drones along the nearby Canadian border and I have seen these several times.  This object was not a drone.  The light coming from the object was a steady, brilliant orange (not red) and very unusual.  The weather conditions were not conducive to small aircraft and this object did not display proper FAA lighting."
"It was white, almost big (but not huge, smaller than big), made noise when it fell, lumpy (looked like more than one thing, not sure) It was around 9:30 in the morning (I\u2019m not sure the exact date, either in May or April), when I was in my kitchen with my mom. Suddenly, from outside, I heard something fall. So I look out the window, and in my backyard, in the northeast corner of my backyard, is a lump/pile of white stuff that looks like plastic. It even sounded like a ton of large, empty, plastic milk containers falling on top of each other. Also, it was right under a tree. I showed my mom, and she said she didn\u2019t know what it was, probably just plastic falling from the tree. Honestly, I think it was way too big to be in a tree without the tree dropping it until then. And I\u2019ve never seen plastic in that tree. I\u2019ve never seen plastic in any tree! And how would plastic get up there, anyway?    However, I was going to go out to inspect it, but I couldn\u2019t find the time. So one day, I was about to go look at it, when I saw it wasn\u2019t there anymore! Again, I told my mom, and she said my dad probably picked it up. Honestly, I don\u2019t know what it was.  My guess that it could either be:  Plastic falling from a tree  A small UFO  Pieces of a UFO   Things from inside a UFO ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Fire looking object moving at a rapid pace, then just vanished. 1 Fire looking object, no sound. It was moving at a rapid pace in one direction. Was not a balloon.  After moving toward the Orlando International Airport, it suddenly vanished.  We have lived 5 miles south of the airport for 28 years.  We have been married 32 years.  We are in our 50's.  A normal couple with adult kids and a nephew who is Secret Service to the Vice President.  We are not nuts.   This past week we have seen one of these objects 2 times.  We have seen the fire balloons in the past as well, so we do know the difference, this was not one of them.  There was no drifting, it was in a strait line at a rapid pace, and suddenly was gone, not at the horizon, but gone midair.  There was no wind, and no clouds or weather issues."
"Sighting in Cypress, Texas. It headed a north direction with circular/Short cylinder shape..  It had a Red/Orange color all around (almost like fire) it never blinked and it kept itself illuminated the entire duration. No audible sound was heard or created, it had a controlled speed (not super fast almost floating like gravitating towards the north).   Distance wise it appeared to be much closer than commercial air-crafts that also flew around the space.   After we lost sight of the unknown flying object we stayed out to see if there could possible be more but none others were seen."
"MADAR Node 137"
"6 red and yellow objects in a line at first, then 3 in formation of a triangle, all moving in a fast speed across sky.  All without any noise!  Then a helicopter crossed perpendicular to their line of travel and good easily hear their noise."
"At 11pm eastern time, i was driving west on compton road in brandon florida.   as i approached a stop sign i looked into the distance and saw 5 lights in a row in the sky.  they were about 10-15 miles away, they were a whitish yellow color with a dark center.   my best friend was in the car with me at the time and saw the same exact thing.  the middle light was the largest and began to flicker then proceded to jolt twords the sky as it dimmed out.  about 30 seconds later the other 4 light which were smaller in appearance did the exact same thing.  i asked around my area if anyone else saw it and the response was no.  i know what i saw it has stuck with me for years.  Im a member of the ((deleted--military)) and a ((deleted--college)) student. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Brilliant fireball traveled from east to west. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Two UFO's Lingering In The Sky On October 31, Followed By Lights And Surrounded By Green Fog, Every Dog Was Barking The Entire Time I just saw 2 ufo's outside on my balcony, it's halloween night in Washingron, DC on Glenbrook Road, I was looking at stars when I saw a ufo in the sky, I knew it wasn't a star because it was different looking. I knew it wasn't a plane or satallite because it wasn't moving fast or blinking. One was coming in a diagonal direction from the west the other from the east. I got my bionoculares and telescope to look at it up close. When I looked at the objects in both the telescope and bionoculars in focus and up close at the 2 ufo's, but when I directly looked at it through the telescope and bionoculars I could only see a unidentified fly object absolutely surrounded by a green-ish fog or laser type of thing and a bright light following them.  The entire 1 hour time peroid every single dog in the entire neighborhood were barking like mad and growling angerily constantly I could her it from inside my house.  All night there were planes coming in and out, but I live near a major airport. ((NUFORC Note:  Satellites??  PD))"
"Bright lght  with glowing red lights top and bottom changing speed and direction over Folsom Nov 10th 2010  My brother in law and I just got off work at 12:45 a.m. and where on our way home. We take White Rock to Old Placerville road every night.  Like every night I\u2019m on the lookout for strange things in the sky. Last night we came over the hill and I noticed a bright light with a flashing red light and it was moving slowly east coming right at us. It got over the top of us and it started moving north toward Folsom at a high rate of speed.  The top of the craft had a glowing red light as well as the bottom. The middle was lit up with three dull white lights and the middle of the craft was wider so it made it looked saucer shaped.  We headed down east Bidwell following it into Folsom.  It stopped over the housing project where I live and turned and headed east again. We tried to follow it but it eventually flew off and we lost sight of it. When I got home at 1:00a.m., my wife was up waiting for me.  I asked her if she had herd a helicopter or any planes flying over in the last couple of minutes and she said no.  The craft was flying low enough where she would have herd something."
"Several reddish-amber lights in the Indiana night sky still unexplained.    My wife and I were coming home from a movie.  Being a police detective, I am able to drive my car in the county.  As I was parking and shutting my car off at my home, I saw through the windshield a peppering of reddish-amber lights along the eastern horizon.  They were going from the south to the north and rose above the clouds, out of sight.  There was no discernible pattern to their flight. This lasted about 8 to 10 minutes. I attempted to take a picture but the photo shows very faint specks of light. I had worked nights for over 15 years. In that time, I have seen all kinds of lights in the sky; all of which were explainable. These lights were nothing I have seen in my life.  I welcome an explanation but so far I have found none."
"Saw 7 ufo's in the night sky of alliance, all within a 30 minute time-period, most of which were going different directions. I was outside on the phone with my father, when all of a sudden in the northeastern part of the sky, I noticed a white light in the sky, it was moving faster than a satellite, and slightly brighter than one. I started shouting at my dad over the phone that I was looking directly right at one, as I have been seeing these for a couple months now. Suddenly out of the corner of my eye, I saw another one, moving in the same direction, but from a different point of the sky. It was at this time I got real excited, and started to scan the sky with my eyes to see if there were more. So I went out to the street and looked behind the house, and saw another one moving in the opposite direction of where the other 2 were heading (away from me). Within minutes, another one came from the direction that the 3rd was moving, but heading in the complete opposite direction (toward me). It was at this point that I got off the phone with my father to go get my wife so she could witness this phenomenon. As soon as we came back out, she spotted one moving right over our heads (the 5th one), at that point she was pretty nervous. Then as luck would have it, we see another (the 6th) coming from a completely new direction, lost sight of it as it was moving even faster than the others and quickly faded behind the trees. Right before going inside, we spotted one last one (a 7th). It too was moving fairly quickly, and within a matter of a couple minutes it was out of sight. At that point our necks hurt and we went inside. All-in-all, a very exciting night for the city of alliance, NE. I see sightings here all the time, it's a real hot-spot for ufo activity, and furthermore I will start reporting more often now that my dad introduced me to this website. I Encourage any ufologists out there to come stay in alliance and go sky-searching at night, from 9am, to 5am for some really exciting sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the objects may have been satellites.  PD))"
"Slow moving, silent,  bright light travels over Cheyenne WY Single light came out of the southwest moving northeast. Very bright light, constant and did not radiate much beyond object(?). Unable to see shape.  Color: white/pale yellow. Size comparable to the headllights would see on a very low flying helecopter at night if it was coming directly at you. The quality of this light did not change the entire time we watched. Height of this light was about twice that which you would expect to see a helecopter flying over the city (we have air natl guard & their practice flights are usually fairly 'low'). This light traveled silently and slowly. From the time it traveled from 'in front of us', to where we could no longer see it at all, was approx 5-7 minutes."
"We were driving to Scotland, when I noticed two bright lights for about a sec in the northwest of the sky far away that moved fast like two flashlights in tge skies and then it  disappeared.  I have seen them  twice in about 20 minute later.  So weird!, ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright, red UFO drops a white object which is intercepted by another small, white UFO. The initial object was glowing bright red.  I observed it for a few minutes while taking still shots and video.   In the last video, 2 small, white object flew close to it.  The red object released a small white object which seemed to be intercepted by the 2nd small object flying past it."
"Low altitude silent solid fluorescent Orange and Red object over beach in summer. My sweetheart and I saw a bluish light travelling very quickly 2 nights prior to this experience:  We were sitting around the campfire.  A light coming from the west just over the trees caught the corner of my eye.  We immediately got up and ran to the beach within seconds as the site backed onto the beach.  There were others looking for creates in the water with their flashlights at the time.  The solid orange and red fluorescent light object moved above and across us on the beach at an altitude of about 100M. After about 20 seconds of it slowly moving, I started to chant \"OM\" as I did in the Kings Chamber of the great pyramid of Egypt.  It then made a right turn and then at the same rate of speed it ascended at a 45 degree angle and slowly moved and dimmed into the night sky."
"I Brought my dog out at the time entered In the description to get some fresh air,no longer than a few seconds while we were outside standing toward the North something caught my eye that I have never seen again,It was a Orange light traveling slowly maybe 100-200 feet above the top of the pinetrees,Movement was very slow and Eradic,Like It was Bouncing up and down side to side,There was absolutely no sound whatsoever coming from this object,I called for my wife to come outside so tht she could see,she came out and was just as amazed as I was to see that the object was emmitting sparks or flares of some kind about every 10-15 seconds From the bottom and backside.I have seen something very unusal and I believe Monumental,Could It be Government ? Who Knows, Could It be EBE ? I dont know...Glad to share.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Round object flying from south extremely quickly, but evenly.  Seemed to be hazy and, therefore, was blurred slightly.  Just flew approximately 5-10 miles in less than three seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Three missle objects with one splitting into two parts. Saw at least three flashes of light and a small pencil shaped object.  It looked like one of the crafts dropped something/split apart.  This was DEFINITELY NOT A PLANE. Was traveling south on interstate 95/128 but turning onto 24 south.  It was between 4 and 5PM EST (approximately 4:30)  WAS THIS A TRIDENT MISSLE TEST?!?   One of my passengers was freaking out and scared and we would like to know if it was a trident missile test. Please email my witness contact below."
"It came out of the trees Decided to take my dog on a hike on Holt Hill reservation.  Always go there for a long hike and to enjoy the view on the top of the mountain which oversees the area and one could also see Boston from it.  As I walked toward the open area to look over to Boston, my dog suddenly stopped and pointed towards the open area that you can see Boston.  When I looked over, I noticed what I thought was just a plane just taking off in the distance, except it was kind of bright.  No noises or anything.   My dog started to whine as in he wanted to go check it out running back and forth for me to move.  Kept walking a little further in the trail and it started to move slower, it was a good few miles away then it deter to the east and disappeared.  The object was triangular awoth lights on the bottom.  It came from a wooded area in the distance.  Looked up nearest airports and there were no airports near that location."
"Me and my girlfriend was leaving Whispering Waters apartments, when we saw a large green fireball moving North to South while facing Kent Street.   It disappeared due south over the horizon.   I waited for it to fall and explode but it never did. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two reports from same witness for past dates.  Please see other posted report for Salem, NJ, for June 30, 1975.  PD))"
"Four hovering orange/red fireballs sighted above Bethany Beach, DE, around 10:15pm on Saturday, October 20, 2012. About 10:15pm on Saturday, Oct 20, I walked from my house to the beach in Sussex Shores, just north of Bethany Beach, DE.  While I was sitting on the beach, just next to the dunes, looking south, I noticed three spherical red/orange lights hovering in the sky in a triangle formation, at what I guessed to be a distance of a mile south of me, about a hundred yards out over the ocean, in front of the Bethany Beach boardwalk.  The bottom of the \u2018triangle\u2019 was one red/orange light; the other two lights were higher.  If I held my arm straight out in front of me and made a fist, the lights were about the same size as my fist. I noticed them because they were stationary at first, just hovering in place, and I wondered what kind of aircraft they were.  When they didn\u2019t move for a while (a minute?), I started to pay closer attention to them.  They didn\u2019t make any sound. Soon they started slowly shifting their position vis-\u00e0-vis one another, so they created a kind of diagonal line, with respect to the horizon.  At that point I noticed a fourth sphere much closer to the ground, hovering just above the beach, much closer to me, at a distance of probably half a mile. I didn\u2019t feel particularly afraid, or threatened, but I didn\u2019t want to stick around there all alone, so I started walking fast, back to my house.  As I walked, I kept my eye on the lights, and noticed that they seemed to be moving away from me, too, at a very fast pace.  By the time I reached my house (about half a block from the dunes), the lights looked like four tiny red dots of light flying away, into space.  I quickly climbed up to my roof deck and watched them until they disappeared from view."
"Walking my dog from Mescal to J6 area of Benson, AZ.  Saw a slow moving \"V\" shaped craft slowly moving across sky above head. Walking my dog from Mescal to J6 area of Benson, AZ.  Saw a slow moving \"V\" shaped craft slowly moving across sky above head.  Half of the V shape was blue, the other half was red."
"This area is a hotspot for unknown lights in the sky.  Everyone here does not pay attention, but some of us who do see lights in the same area and surrounding area alot.  Too far to see anything other then lights flashing green, blue, white, red.  Moves easily up down left and right in patterns.  Almost like trying to catch itself from falling or losing control."
"Luminescent triangular craft- made of light- no sound- shimmered and disappeared Shortly after waking up I went out on my front porch to have a cigarette. It was still mainly dark but dawn was just beginning and you could still see the stars and moon. The sky was almost completely clear with only the odd low wispy cloud. After maybe 30-45 seconds the object caught my attention as I was looking in an E.S.E. direction. It appeared to be quite large although it's hard to say how high and how far away it was- I will guesstimate it at 4 to 10 miles away and at an altitude from 6 to 12 thousand feet. The object was a general triangle shape however the \"front\" seemed to stick out slightly in a semi-circle protuberance. The closest thing I can compare it to is a badminton birdie that has been flattened and then had its back flared end cut straight across to form 3 straight sides but with the rounded rubber end sticking out at the front somewhat. The object was travelling downward at about a 55 degree angle very smoothly at a fairly slow speed- it almost seemed to float or slide through the sky. The object made no noise and seemed to be made of white light or was luminescent. It's colour was very close to the bright moon's although it seemed to be less substantial- as if there was no actual physical{steel,aluminum...} structure to it. - The light reflects off of the moon so you can see it but this thing seemed to consist of light itself. It retained its clear shape for about seven seconds with no contrail and then over about the last 3 seconds it sort of slowly, uniformly shimmered and faded out of the absolutely clear sky- it just disapearred out of thin air and I was left there literally with my jaw hanging open. I was in awe of it and was excited,stunned,bewildered,delighted and in disbelief all at the same time. After about 30 seconds had gone by and I was pretty sure it wasn't going to reappear I ran inside to check the exact time and try to process what I had just witnessed. I can say that I am 100% convinced that it was some kind of craft utilizing technology far beyon! d what t he world's public is aware of. E.T. or us????? ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Wallops Island, VA.  PD))"
"Their were 4 straight lines of lights with a trail of yellow tail traveling across the sky at a very fast speed and disappeared. On Saturday 14, 2008 I was driving north on Hazeltine Blvd. in Van Nuys, CA.   I looked up looking north west and saw what I thought was a shooting star but it was so large and their were four straight lines that were white lights trailed by a comet like tail or burn off.   They were in line with each other and were traveling at a very fast speed.  They did not disappear like a shooting star would have they took off from south to north half way across the sky going at a downward direction and then disappeared.   I had 1 person in the car with me and he only saw the very end of it.  But also said he had never seen anything like that before."
"Color changing orb in the sky Witnessed a color changing light above North Table Mountain.  Changed from green to red to purple and blue stay high in the sky for almost an hour then disappeared and reappeared on the other side of the mountain a minute later, lower in elevation.   Watched for another hour and saw it disappear and reappear within seconds clear across the sky on the other side of the mountain."
"Lige Changing Sighting On 5/25/17 at aprox. 0300 hrs. or  \u201c3:00AM,\u201d I noticed a small steady white light moving from the NW heading approx. SW at a steady speed faster than any satellite would ever move,-  as it sailed across the night sky.  That led me to notice the same bright light in the NW Sky that seems to pivot at times  and always noticeably brighter than any other light on any given clear night.  I mentioned it to A fiend of mine I had just met.  She pulled out her new phone & began recording video of the bright light I had been observing & taking pics & video of over the last 6-9mts.  My camera didn't pick up on all the other  light activity going on around the bright object..  Through here newer higher powered camera than mine, we were now looking at a stationary craft that had a distinct circular outline that can't be seen with the naked eye.  It seemed to be a large craft with other lights moving either around it, and/ or to & from it.  Some lights seemed to disappear then reappear randomly.  The large distant craft had a steady blinking red light just like a passenger airliner except it was stationary in the sky.  We observed 3-4 solid white lights just behind. As she turned her smartphone into panoramic view & zoomed in even further we could now make out several other odd shaped lights moving in & out or circling the craft high in the sky.  There is no doubt in my mind after last night that this is highly sophisticated yet seemingly uncoordinated military exercises, or we are not alone.  Last night was a pivot point in my life and have now seen it with my own eyes for over a half hour straight things in the sky I had only heard of or seen on TV\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orange Fire Ball July 6th, 2011, me and my daughter were headed home from Wal-Mart,  when we pulled into our driveway  my 11 year old daughter asked me what the orange light in the sky was.  I looked up, but in a different direction and only seen an airplane.  Then she proceeded to tell me, no mom, look this way!  I turned and never have I seen an object like this before.  It was orange and compared to the other airplanes in the sky it would have been 10 times bigger than an average airplane.   First I thought it may be a weather balloon like always assumed, but when it went up and down and backwards then out of sight I was in shock!   Never in my life have I seen something like this.  And we live in the city, where I thought nothing happens here.  Boy was I wrong!   That\u2019s what we have seen and I hope that if anyone in my area has seen the same sighting please let me know!   Thank you!"
"A Disk shape object spinning slowly with lights around it.  Hoovering over some trees... it was a disk shape with lights around it, and it looked as though it was spinning slowly, it was hoovering over the trees, i was stunned, i was looking at it and could not move, i wanted to go tell someone, but i was unable to move, i did tell someone the other day, but they just laughed at me, so i felt unable to tell anyone else. until now...there is a sight i can vent..thank-you ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Two sets of lights in isosceles triangular formation flew slowly over a gas station. Two sets of lights, each in isosceles triangular formation flew very slowly over a gas station in Durham, NC.  This was across the street from Planet Fitness on MLK.  I was just across the street.  I wondered if it was a medium sized airplane with all lights turned off and the wings lit up, but that makes no sense.  The lights were not normal airplane lights in any way.  Also the lights moved very slowly and were only about 50 feet above the gas station.  After about 45 seconds the lights disappeared behind some trees.  I do not believe in UFOs but don\u2019t know how to explain this."
"Two objects with glowing trail in night sky. Glowing vapor trail. 2 moving slow objects in sky going two separate directions. ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch.  PD))"
"yellow halo around red sphere almost the size of 1/4 MOON we were in the yard and a red with a yellow halo moved from east to west with not a single sound. we watched it make a few moves left and right.at one point it looked like it was not moving at all.  As it moved just to the west of us at the apex of the sky it vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Flying Saucer in Democratic Republic of the Congo I was traveling in the jungle by car in the Democratic Republic of the Congo alone when I was awoken by my radio, which had ceased to work and was malfunctioning, emitting static.  I heard a loud hum and looked up.  Just above the canopy of the trees was a round saucer hovering in the air.  There was a strange purple haze around the UFO.  I grabbed my phone and took a picture and video of it (which I will send by email).  Then, all of the sudden it disappeared with a flash."
"Bright,maybe burning, object traveling extremely fast exlodes over Lake Elsinore I was driving southbound on the I-15, just past Lake Street on the north side of Lake Elsinore. A very bright and very fast moving object in they sky to my forward-left caught my eye and I watched it for maybe one whole second when it exploded. My first thought was that I might have just seen the Shuttle Atlantis burning up and exploding. It was like a ship on fire, burning light of white and a little yellow in a kind of corona around a central mass that was traveling at tremendous speed and then it exploded in the air in a conical fashion. About the time the debris cone got to three times the diameter of the original object the 'fire' went out and nothing of it was visible in the dark. I can estimate the speed at around 3600 mph because for the second (if that) that I saw the object it traveled the length of a hill/mountain top that is somewhat like a mesa in shape and is a mile in length. However, the object appeared to be about 5 miles beyond the 'mesa' and from my perspective about 5 degrees above the mesa and in slight declination... for reference my distance from the mesa was about a mile. The freeway is pretty much going south-east where I was at, so I guess the object was traveling south, but I can't be sure becuase the 15 fwy changes direction alot. I'm sure the media would have already have the story out if the shuttle exploded, so it wasn't that. Other possibilities would include a meteor, but I would guess that a meteor that big would cause some major damage, and not be at such a slight declination at such a low altitude. It left a briefly glowing trail and I heard no sounds."
"Manta Ray Shape UFO in Miami, FL, at 8:45pm. I was outside looking the stars.  The night was with no clouds and clear.  It was nice for me to see what I can describe as a Manta Ray Shape UFO.  It comes from North West to south west.  It was transparent, I can see the stars through that.  It was huge and moves smoothly.   That Manta has no lights at all, no sound.  It has like a gray or white border around the shape ant that is the reason I can tell it was like a Manta Ray.  Very impressive. I've seen other UFO's but nothing like this."
"formation fly lights over California On June fourth 2009 at 9:50 PM I looked up at the moon.  It was mostly cloudy and I saw about 18 small white lights appear.  I thought they were balloons or papers flying high in the sky and being illuminated by the city lights.  As I observed I noticed the lights moving in and out of the clouds. I came the conclusion that they were much higher up about 13,000 feet.  They were not aircraft with blinking lights, these were brilliant white lights that lit up at the same place in the sky as they were traveling east and then they disappeared into the clouds again."
"LARGE WHITE BALL OF WHITE LIGHT HOVERING OVER NEAR CEDAR CANYON RD AND HWY 6 AREA OF BANKS, OREGON.   WHEN APPROACHED BY A JET IT LEFT IN AN EASTERLY DIRECTION FASTER THAN ANYTHING MAN MADE I KNOW OF."
"One Fiery Red Orb ~Hovering~ Over Overland Park... That's twice now within 5 months! Observed~ One clearly red fiery orb was hovering mid-altitude for several minutes over Overland Park, KS... Once again.  ~Same location (I-35 & 435), and within an hour of the last sighting that I also posted on NUFORC (& they posted on MUFON) on 6/7/13 @ 21:30.  Last time was a cluster of ~10 red orbs, but this one on 11/9/13 was alone, smaller and hovering, not cruising.  It also dissipated after observing it...  And once again, I saw it while driving south on I-35 just past 435 and to the east (towards Olathe).  And once again, when I first saw it I kept it in sight to quickly/easily weed-out all the other green/red/white flashing lighted, winged, propped, petrol-powered noisemakers (not Element 115 propulsion system).  When this became abundantly obvious, I again pulled my car over on the shoulder of the highway with the window down for the duration... Fascinated, and thankful it happened again for me.  It once again had no other running lights (port/star! board/taillight)... It seemed to be pulsating (flame-like), too, before vanishing into thin air.  Any other known identified flying objects in our airspace would continue to be visible with their clearly seen lights... Illuminating for good reason.  We save our cloaking devices for when it's truly needed... Not crowded airspace.  ;-}  I almost didn't post this sighting... Merely because I didn't want anyone to think I was just seeing things repeatedly.  In fact, after the last sighting, one of my close credible friends suggested I carry a camera and watch the skies... Just in case.  I told him I've always watched the skies, but I'll never carry a camera just for that... Not obsessed with it, yet.  And, that I figured it was just a one-in-a-lifetime event.   He reminded me that they periodically frequent the same locations... I agreed.  That's two within the same year...  And it's only November.  I've noticed several other postings on here in the same area, like my last documented report.  Another guy and his friends reported the same location sighting the last time on MUFON on 6/7/13 w/ same time-frame, and that was indeed relieving to me.  So, keep your chins up^ and minds open...  Forever.  It's just a matter of time, and time will tell.  Peace out&gt;\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was traveling on a rural road outside of Springfield with my daughter and in the sky was a very low flying slow moving cigar shaped object with a bright white light on each side of the object and had no sound to it.  It was traveling South east bound at a very slow speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Triangle lights blinking, then slowly rotating, then blinking again. Then it took off at an unimaginable speed. I was laying in bed and couldn't sleep, I looked out my window and saw three white lights in the shape of an equilateral triangle.   The lights were blinking but stationary, then they stopped blinking, and started rotating very slowly counter clock wise.  They stopped after about five minutes and began blinking again for maybe fifteen minutes.  Then suddenly they took of so incredibly fast.  They appeared to take off upward, it was hard to tell what direction they took off in because of the speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"My wife was standing at the refrigerator and heard a loud sonar ping like sound from outside.   Just then my 4 year old son who was sitting at the kitchen table, looking out the window, went crazy and said he saw a ufo disk shape, with a bubble in the middle, and an antenna in top of it with lights.   He said it was spinning and flying fast over the trees about 25 yards away.   Although my son is only 4 years old, we don't believe he was making this up.  He was to excited about it.   We made him draw a picture out it also. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Sorry I must have hit the wrong state.  It's Sitka, Alaska.  Zip 99835  ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Bright lit object over head; watched it fade and disappear. Out star gazing with the family in the back yard.  Bight light comes over our tree line, bright white like a plane, but no blinking lights or noise would hear with a plane that low.  Watched as it flew over us and slowly the light started to fade on it.   Just when it got right over us it disappeared completely, and we all saw it happen."
"Sightings in africa skies Johannesburg. it was a clear night skies with plenty of visable stars in the sky.  I went out to see if smoke coming out of my chimney when a saw a bright orange light (almost like a meteor) light pass from east to west in about 2 to 3 seconds. I told my family but they werent intersted.  I came outside again to see if it will happen again.  Moments later i saw a bright white light just appear far in the sky from the south moving towards the north but the light become faint and just dissapeared after about a minute. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting reportedly occurred at 19:10 hrs. (local) on Wednesday, May 15, 2013.  However, in order to be able to post the report, we have had to amend the time above, which is still in our future in Washington State.  We will change the time back to the original time, indicated by the witness, at a future time and date.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Hello, My wife and I been seeing these objects in the sky since last year , it started with just one now there are about 6 high in the sky at the same locations every night , they pretty much stay in one area , you can see blinking lights on them , they are in the sky for hours at a time we are so curious what this may be, I\u2019m not saying they are ufo\u2019s put something is in our sky\u2019s every night hovering, I really would like somebody to come to our home to investigate this.   Please call"
"Orange object with tail moving across night sky from north to south I live in Columbus, Ohio.  At 10:10 p.m. tonight (August 1, 2012) I was taking out the trash container to the street.  It was dark.    I noticed an orange object up in the sky, moving quickly from north to south at a steady pace.  It was not a planet, like Venus or Mars; it was much bigger than that, and was not a shooting star.   The object looked round, but it \"shimmered,\" like maybe it was spinning around.     It also had a distinct orange tail that came to a point, which made it look a bit like a rocket.   There was no debris trail after it, as a comet or a shooting star might have.    Anyway, it moved across the sky in about 10 seconds, and disappeared over the horizon.    Maybe it was some space junk burning up in the atmosphere?"
"two extra  star-like objects in the constellation Cassiopeia, blink out over half a minute As I climbed out of my (outside access) basement laundry room at about 8:40 pm I caught sight of the constellation Cassiopeia in the clear, dark NE sky.  I was startled at the view; it looked as if there were two new stars   inside that constellation.  They were very much brighter than the other stars in Cassiopeia, bright white, and about equal brilliance and separated by no more than the space of my thumb at arms length.  They were motionless. As I watched, the easternmost one dimmed and \u201cblinked-out\u201d over an interval of 10 seconds. Then the other one did the same.  I went right to my computer to confirm the constellation and file this report.  Dual  Supernovae explosion in a distant galaxy? (What are the chances of that?) Or some craft \u201cparked\u201d in orbit going \u201cinter-dimensional\u201d?  I am hoping someone else caught sight of this,  and am curious where in the sky it appeared to them : it would give a clue about the objects\u2019 altitudes."
"Triangular shaped object over Tallahassee Florida On November 30th at approximately 8:30 p.m. I took my dog outside.  While I waited for the dog, I stood on the deck in my back yard looking at the night sky.  I looked to the north and noticed a bright light in sky moving south.  At first all I could see was a bright white light and thought this may be a search light on a helicopter.   As the craft approached closer to my area, I noticed it was not a helicopter.  I continued to observe and as the craft became more visible I noticed the shape was triangular and had many lights and I could no longer see the bright light only red lights.   I ran inside to get my husband so he could see it too.  We both watched as the craft continued overhead and moved toward the south, and watched it disappear.   This triangular shape was boxy in shape and was very big, not thin in shape at all.  It was very large and did not make a sound.   It was not moving extremely fast, and I witnessed the craft for at least five minutes."
"About 7 strange red lights seen over Detroit. 09/16/2018 18:00 Eastern Time about 7 small reddish orange lights appeared in the sky over Detroit.  They were seen for a little under two minutes.  They appeared and flew on.  What was that? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw a bright light that slowly moved through the sky and seemed to have striations that looked like lightning bolts eminating from it Tonight I saw a light that appeared to be south east from my location but much higher up than the planes and jets flying below. From my vantage point it appeared to be over long island. What struck me about the light was the brightness especially considering we have a storm blowing through tonight. I was surprised to see this light through the thick clouds that were blowing over. Other stars would get covered over but this light would shine right through the clouds. After I noticed it and really started taking a look at it, I could see lines of light coming from the source that could be described as tentacles or lightning bolt shaped. I thought those lines could have been a trick on my eyes but I blinked and changed perspective and the lines coming from the light stayed clear.  After getting very interested, I got my camera to film it. Unfortunately after that I was not able to see the light at it's full brightness and my camera had a hard time picking it up. By the naked eye, I could still see those lines coming from the light. It seemed very weired that I could see them as the clouds were still blowing through.  The light wasn't moving with the same pattern as the stars. When I first noticed it and started observing, the light moved but I didn't have a good position marked to figure out how far. It wasn't fast though and certainly didn't go shooting off in any direction. When I went in to get my camera and came out, the light was in a much different place but still generally in the same area being south east of my vantage point.  I tried to get photographic evidence of the light and set myself in a position I could remember with trees in the foreground. Although I was able to capture the light on my camera, I don't think it will be very useful because it is so dark out tonight and at that point the light seemed to be aimed somewhere else and thusly was not as bright.  Things that were striking about this light are: * The color of the light was not at all like the stars or the planes flying over. I'd describe it as an LED light while the stars were incandescent. There was a blue color in the light, it seemed. * The pattern the light moved in reminded me of a search pattern but the source was far too high for that to be the case. * The striations coming from the light were truly bizarre. It was like seeing the source of multiple lightning bolts coming from a single source but lasting for minutes at a time. When the light was dim, I could still make out the lines but they weren't as easy to identify. It seemed that every time the light shone bright, the striations were the same configuration however. * Although it wasn't immediately obvious, the light was moving. The pattern it was moving in was more like it was making observations of an area and then move on. I never saw it shoot off in one direction or another but it would either slowly move while it was bright or go dim and then be bright in another spot that was maybe 5 or 10 degrees off from it's last spot.  I have not pulled the camera video onto my computer yet but would be willing to post it onto a server for you to observe. Please email me for that information. Also please understand that I do travel for as long as a week at a time so please be patient if I do not respond right away."
"UFOS that will not take snap-shots. last night I was in my back yard, With my dog.  Before we went to Bed, I saw two UFOS flying north going by the NAVY Base on Whidbey. I been wathing them for years.  And been trying to get a good photo of them.with video or a camera but every time I get the film developed I get blank photos.  The third ufo fly by was going south,  Real slow real close and real bright.I snaped 10 shots of it.And thought I finaly got a good shot.  The next day I got the film developed,and every shot was blank. So now I don't know what I can do.  I know if I had infer-red I would get a good shot.  thank you.ps I will call back soon."
"red and oval shaped We were playing paintball in the field of friends house. We took a break and my friend pointed out that there was a large red oval shape in the sky. I looked at it and he was right. I scanned the sky and saw two more. Two of them were close together, but the other was far away.In the morning there looked to be a large burn mark in the field. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"25-30 circular lights over winchester va Well I first attempted to call in this report because it was a very humbling experience. . Ok I decided to write down what me and my roommate saw last night anyways because it was an eye opening experience. I was inside last night at about 12:57 cooking when my roommate stepped out to smoke a cigarette.  About three minutes later he rushed inside and yelled for me to come out. i rushed outside and looked up.  What I saw was about 25-30 round circular lights all bunched together very closely.  Almost looked like a swarm of bees they were so close together.  The lights were right above cloud level but moving north at a very high rate of speed.  I watched the crafts all form into an arrow righ! t when I saw them first and I could tell that each light was a separate craft.  I observed the lights for about a minute as they moved out of my eye range."
"Me and my kids driving home on a dark wooded road about 9. I was driving at least 50 when I saw a big round thing hovering over my car when I tried to look up to see what it was I could only see the bottom with 3 lights in the shape of a triangle. It didn't make a noise I looked back at my kids in the backseat to see if they were awake and the oldest was the only one still awake. When I looked backed it shot off level with woods and disappeared. We never discussed it with anyone or each other until  5 years later I remembered it. when she' got home from school I asked her if she remembered that night and she did and told me the same story otherwise I would of thought it was a dream!"
"Time manipulation after possible abduction. I was staying the night at a friends house and we had been up late.  At about 3 in the morning, we both woke up, but soon fell back asleep.  It had been no more than 5 minutes when we both woke up again, but it was 5 in the morning.  Her clock was not a digital clock, so I believe it couldn't have malfuctioned the way it did.  Her siblings were much to young and not tall enough to reach the clock and play a prank and the only other adults in the house were asleep and hadn't come down to the basement where we were.   I would have brushed it off as nothing, however I was aware that in certain situations, such as an abduction, time can be manipulated.  I have not told anyone about my experience for fear of ridicule. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Very bright solid gold disc sighted in Bonita Springs, FL Very bright solid gold flash in the shape of an oval or disc, streaked across the sky as I drove north on Highway 41 in Bonita Springs, FL around 10pm on 4/8/09.  It too was traveling north. It was quite low, maybe 200 yards high, and moved at an incredible rate of speed. Sighting only lasted approximately 2-3 seconds."
"seen a bright round ball of light go straight over then disappeared. there was 1.  white in color very bright about looked bout as big as moon."
"Round pure white glowing light moving back and forth up and down with speed and movements not capable by any helicopter or plane. We saw a single glowing light moving right to left again and again through the trees for a couple of minutes then it began moving up and down then again right to left and finally straight up and just disappeared.   It was a crystal clear sky and a full moon visibility was perfect and was not a plane nor a helicopter light they don't move that fast or with such precise movements within minutes of it disappearing straight up into the sky the entire area had a fog come over it for a few hours. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"A bright light flew east to west for about 20 seconds, then turned south and faded, and then came back flashing before it faded again. I was home from college for the 4th of July. After our celebration some of my family was sitting outside and talking.  My friend pointed to the sky and said, \"Look at that!\" We all looked up, and a bright white light was moving fast above us, going in the west to east direction.  It was flying lower than a satellite, maybe about the same height as a plane, but it was much brighter.  For about twenty seconds is flew in one direction, but then started to slowly turn in the south direction. We were all certain the light was not a satellite, it moved much faster, lower, and the light was very bright.  It could not have been an airplane because it had no emergency lights, and no noise was detected. As the light turned south it started to slow down.  My father and I stood watching it and the light started to fade.  It kept moving south, but the light got dimmer and dimmer until it faded out.  My dad and I sat in the field talking about it, and about four minutes later the light appeared in almost the exact spot it had faded out in.  I flashed very brightly four or five times and then slowly faded out again. My dad and I yelled for everyone to come and see it.  My niece and one of my friends saw the fading light.  My dad and I are the only ones to witness the full duration of the sighting, but about seven people saw different glimpses of it.  It was flying too high in the sky, and for too long, to be a firework."
"I did not see any kind of space craft!, but I did see a very bright slash of light exactly in the shape of diagonal line (like the trail of a jet, but this one was far too low in the sky and it was not like any sort of light that I had seen before....but I'm positive that it was not any sort of natural phenomenon...atleast did not look like one?    Anyway, I just thought I'd share this information...as this happened on my way back from houston to Oklahoma state university in Stillwater where I used to study. What I saw looked like some really small(almost the size of a car/slightly bigger...but it was really close to the road and looked like whatever it was it was heading up from almost 25/30feet of the ground and left a short tail of bright white light behind which looked like a fast flash of a very bright laser light in the middle of the nowhere as that stretch of the highway had no lighting and had small dunes on the left and right and no shops or anysort of activities happening at that time though I have seen some workers around that area during the day some times with a lot of trucks and digging machines.  Nothing got to do with the light but just thought the information would help.  I did not stop my car when I saw the light but I did slow down as I got a sudden fright looking at the light, as it was so out of the blue."
"UFO Abduction Caught On Cam! Emailing Video To You I saw lights in the sky moving around acting very weird so I grabbed my camera & started recording them.  All sudden I was blinded by a green light & felt like I was being lifted off the ground thats all I remembered.  I woke up laying on the ground I went home & noticed 2 hours were missing.  I rewatched the video & noticed the green light that blinded me was a green ufo right above me.  I am emailing you the video."
"5th UFO Sighting around my 50th Birthday. 5th UFO Sighting by 50th Birthday Wednesday Morning, August 22nd, 2012, I was lying in bed listening to a Prophecy Radio Show and looking out my bedroom window when I saw something very shiny going across the sky. I got up and took a close look from the window surface to see that it was metallic, shiny, like stainless steel, or polished silver. It was rectangular in shape and was moving in a westward direction over the city of Morristown, Tennessee. The unknown flying object was moving slowly towards the nearby city and I ran down stairs to the backyard deck where there is a more wide open view of the sky. As I was rushing to the deck area, I informed my Mother who was cooking lunch to come outside to see this UFO going across the sky. She followed me outside on the open deck and we both saw the object moving slowly across the light blue sky. It did not have any contrail smoke exhaust whatsoever. It did not have any airplane wings, tail rudder, etc. It did not make any engineer noise whatsoever. I watched it! fly across the city of Morristown, at an altitude that made its size about 2\u201d in length with your outstretched arm. I watched it until it disappeared into the distant blue sky. I have no idea what it was and have reported it as a UFO.  To date, this is the 5th UFO I have seen in my lifetime. The others were all different types of \u201cflying objects\u201d such as, the 4th UFO was a similar to the 5th, as rectangular flying object, only its appearance was more like stacked layers of stainless steel that shined intensively in the clear blue sky in July 2012. The 3rd was a circular orb seen at the same location as the 4th UFO, but this object was seen a few years ago and its appearance was similar to a balloon, but somehow seemed more rigid than a balloon, as it was moving horizontally with no wind blowing on that day. I was in Bean Station, TN on the 3rd and 4th Sightings, but both were moving in the same direction of Morristown, TN. The 2nd UFO was seen also in Morristown at my Brothers property, a few years ago, and it had the classical shape of the silvery cigar-shaped, rectangular objects with a strobbing/flashing light at the center. It was moving in southward direction toward White Pine/New Port, TN. This sight! ing was the most bizarre one of all, as I was tilling my brothers garden with a machine and had the sudden, strange desire to look up and when I stopped the machine and looked up, I saw this cigar-shaped craft about 4\u201d in length with the an outstretched arm. It was very silvery metallic and the strobbing lights were intense. I watched it, until it seemed to go into a hole in the sky and disappear from view. I have never had such a strange feeling come over me, as I did that particular day. Finally, the 1st UFO was seen at my Mothers former house in Harrogate, TN and I saw it in the skies above her backyard moving through the clouds. It was brass color in appearance and very shiny, as it went in and out of the clouds. This UFO was the most impressive of all 5 that I have seen in my lifetime.  Also, a few days after my 50th Birthday on August 15th, 2012, I saw something strange in the sky, the likes of which I have never seen before, in all my 50 years on this earth. The regular light blue sky and cotton-like clouds were divided in half and covered over by a another darker blue sky layer, like a sheet of plastic that you could see through it and watch the clouds moving across the sky, from behind it. This strange phenomenon appeared to split the sky in half on a diagonal straight edge, with the light blue regular sky & clouds on the left and the aqua Blue sky on the right. I watched the (2) skies for about 2 or 3 minutes and the strange aqua blue half did not move at all, while the clouds kept moving out from behind it. Then I thought about getting someone else to come see it or to get a camera, but as I turned around to put up some garden tools back into the basement, and then turned back around to look at the divided two skies, the aqua Blue portion had almost v! irtually disappeared in less than a few minutes. All that was left to even know it had ever been there at all, was a very faint outline of the diagonal edge where both skies were split up, or divided apart. I watched a few more seconds, maybe a half minute, or so, and it had completely disappeared that quickly! I\u2019ve never seen anything like that before or since! Some friends of mine in Greeneville, TN, told me they saw some strange colors in the sky at about that same time. I am still researching the data to see if other people in east tennessee have seen this remarkable, rare, phenomenon..."
"bright light in the night sky At exactly 5:16 am I observed a bright round light moving across the sky.  The object moved at a consistent slow speed.  The object was low enough that if it had been a helicopter or small aircraft I would have heard noise.  I detected no sound other than a burger alarm and dog barking in the distance.   The object moved slowly across the sky for around 3 minutes before it passed behind a tree line, beyond my view. I attempted to film the object with my Android mobile phone.  Unfortunately, the overall darkness of the night sky and my shaky hand did not amount to any worthwhile capture. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of International Space Station.  PD))"
"Bright light hovering for 45+ minutes on the outskirts of Great Falls, Montana - white with flashing blue and red. A light, hovering in the same spot for over 45 minutes, with intermittent red and blue flashes that can be seen reflected off the clouds surrounding it.  I was using a powerline near the porch we were standing on to gauge whether the object was moving.  It seemed to be quite a distance away, as it appeared as a very bright light, approximately 1/32nd of an inch when viewed by the naked eye.  We went inside, and checked through the window every 2-3 minutes for 45 minutes, the object had not moved at all, still flashing the colored lights.  On the 50 minute mark, we looked outside again, and it was gone."
"Diamond shape with tail of lights and triangle ufo. One was diamond shaped with a tail sort of changed colors and faded in and out.  There was also a triangle ufo pretty big could only see the lights on the outside of it.  There were about 6 lights on it."
"I was iat the Walmart parking lot on Dysarthria and El Mirage  around 11:46 PM when I was staring up in the sky and noticed 2 circle lights with an even amour of space between it.   The lights lasted for about a minute before disappearing.  It wasn't moving, the color of the lights was light a really dark yellow if not orange shade.   I sat there for about 10 minutes in my car and still no sight of what it was appeared back in the dark skies. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Am still observing this object...is flashing lights of red , blue , orange ..it is quite a distance away as with my binoculars I can still not make out the shape, if I was to guess it looks triangular, it is has been hovering in this same spot in the night sky for some time..  I wish I  could get a closer look as this is no planet or star"
"Lights over Wyeville seen by my wife and I Driving down hwy 21 towards Wyeville from Tomah, noticed the lights halfway through Wyeville.  5 of the lights were in a straight line, as if attached to a craft.  As the lights vanished instantaneously, there was a shotgun blast of more lights, only way I can think to describe it."
"Driving kn 1-/5 going north towards santa fe nm.  It was a biggest bright light I  ever seen . It looked stationary.. i took s photo of it.  We passed  the hill  and it had disappeared ."
"Saw orange flashing light moving slow. ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Fireball like object moving slowly down and east then pausing and bouncing then to decrease in mass and to then drop low out of sight. There was 1 large fireball/ starlike object high up in the sky.  My husband spotted from our bedroom window, it was moving very oddly slow down to the right, so it was unusual.  He then alerted me, where then we went outside to view object, where it then paused in the sky slightly bouncing in one spot.  Then continued to move down heading east.  Then right before our eyes it decreased in size to a smaller fireball like object, then paused.  Then dropped down low, to low for further visibility.  Very very peculiar like object."
"Three bright, large, orange orbs over Scottsdale I was walking down my driveway looking to the south east (I was north of the lights), and I witnessed three orange lights in the sky.   They were larger and brighter than aircraft lights.  They were quite a distance away, yet they were as large as the light on a helicopter that flew over my head at around the same time (the helicopter had nothing to do with the sighting, its just a size comparison).  The lights were a minimum of 10 miles away, so they were large and bright enough to clearly see.  They were mostly stationary and they formed a non-equilateral triangle.   The right-most light then started to head to the right (west) and it went out after about 10 seconds.  The middle light did the same thing about 30 seconds later.  The third light remained stationary in the sky for about 2 minutes, and then it faded out, but as it did, another bright orange light appeared to the left of it.  The fourth and final light remained stationary in the sky for another f! ew minutes, and then it faded out. I have an iPhone 5 video of the event that I'd like to upload, but it may take me a few days."
"Saw lots of colored lights. We where out side looking at the ice and watched for about 3 min before I grabbed my video recorder."
"Two bright orange objects move in synchrony from Pacific coastline heading inland. UFO Sighting/Laguna Beach , California  At 19:57 on Tuesday, September 2013, I looked out my second story apartment window, which faces approximately South/Southwest and is about one quarter mile inland, and somewhat parallel from the shoreline of the Pacific Ocean at Main Beach, Laguna Beach, California.  The room was darkened and this observation was made from both a screened window and a pane glass window facing the same direction. I saw what I believe was the planet Venus well above the horizon, but then was immediately startled to observe two very bright, slowly moving orange-colored objects in the sky at a higher level in the sky than the stationary planet.  They were about 5 times as bright as the planet and were separated by several degrees.  They moved at the same relatively slow rate toward me, then above me, eventually no longer visible as the top of my window obscured them.  Their intensity and rate of movement was steady.  I attempted to use my cell phone camera to capture a video, but the objects would ! not appear on my screen.  By the time I retrieved my better camera, the objects were no longer in my sight. I cannot imagine that others observed these objects also, as they were unusually bright and very \"orange\".  It was very quiet this night, with no detectable breeze, and I heard absolutely no noises accompanying this sighting."
"Not an Aircraft, very large, leading edge firy bright , irregular shape, duration of observation -three minutes. A very bright and very fast moving object was observed entering the atmosphere arriving from the south-south west quadrant at approximately 09:20AM Mountain Standard Time on the Morning of January 09,2008. The object descended towards the western slope of Pikes Peak and visually passed over the Peak in the direction of Colorado Springs,Colorado. It produced no noise. However it created a contrail which was approximately five(5)Miles in length and approximately 5ive(5)Miles in width which suggested to the two witnesses that it was not an aircraft of any known type and that it was unusually large. It did not appear to have wing nor engines. Guess: Approximate size/about the size of a small town. Both observers are ex-Military, and one is a retired Commercial Pilot with more than twenty twenty years flying experience, and holds an Airframe and Power Plant Mechanics License from the Federal Aviation Administration(FAA).  Perhaps this was a large fragment of a Meteorite that skipped off Earth's atmosphere upon entry (because it left a contrail) and then continued back into space on a new trajectory. The closest description(from the retired Pilot) is that the leading edge was extremely bright equal to kooking at the sun. it was more flattened in appearance than any other aspect of shape and wa irregular in shape. The mass of the object behind its leading edges was also very bright but  not as bright ad the leading edges. It appeared to have an entry path of approximately 25Degrees of angle in descent. After it passed over Pikes Peak in an Easterly direction it suddenly changed direction towards the Southeast and its contrail indicated a change of direction toward the Gulf Of Mexico and the it was completely gone from the observers sight. There have been no news reports that the observers are aware of frommany local sources but is likely that  some unit of the Military tracked it via RADAR."
"Orange/red, low flying spherical craft seen 200 yards away from 10th ave S. and Castle Way. 12:00AM-While entering my subdivision I  observed in the sky a low flying spherical fireball looking craft(roughly the size of a one man helicopter) no more than 200 yards away moving south toward a nearby lake.  My friend turned the vehicle around and it back on the main road.  I quickly exited the vehicle to get a better look and the craft performed a strange maneuver as it rapidly reversed directions (without turning around) then shot straight up and continued south toward Lake Lowell where I lost sight of it after about 30 seconds. Observer 1: Student at University of Idaho Observer 2: Employee at Jackson Oil Headquarters"
"UFO spotting in Venice lights I observed a light that seemed to move and change color almost ranging from a circle to a triangular shape.  I then asked my father to come outside to observe he said it is a planet that is visible recently has been there for at least a week.  I was not convinced because I witnessed horizontal and vertical movement of light.  Although it seemed to be in the same place for around 30 minutes, I recorded video when it's zoomed you can see the movement. To be sure it was moving I took a photo of light with my phone resting on a wall and marked the wall to be sure each photo was taken at the exact same position.  This proved movement.  I went in my fathers house for 10 minutes or so and the light was gone.  I walked approximately 50 feet to me vehicle and observed the light in a new position over a home.  At this point movement and color change from greens,blue,red and yellow were visible with the naked eye.  Then it quickly disappeared upward out of sight.  In addition! during the whole time 3 airplanes were visibly flying near object, and circled multiple times."
"Diamond shape.  Orangish redish color.  Descending brightness. 4 lights in a diamond shape going down in brightness and disappeared in groups (darkest to brightest).  Lasted about 30-60 seconds ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Midtown Tulsa Oklahoma:  witnessed one bright ball of light high in the night sky.  Looked up to notice the beauty of the moon lit clouds streaking over head.  Realized this ball of light buzzing higher than the aircraft and moving way to fast and awkward to be an aircraft we have today.  Headed north towards airport TUL I.  Now a lot of air traffic.... Helicopters? air base off 169hw 56th....  We don't own anything thAt can do that."
"A single, rectangle shaped object with red lights and alternating blinking white lights, like hazard lights flew over Dallas, Texas. On this night of November 14th, facing a little southeast, at approx. 7:31 pm, while driving with a sibling, we saw an unidentified flying object.  It was rectangle in shape and was black.  It had 5 lights on the front resembling that of high beams, but were blinking like hazard lights but in an alternating fashion.  There were 2 red lights on the outside and 3 white lights in the middle.  The white lights were the main lights blinking, almost like search lights.   The object flew in an upright position so that when it flew over me I could see its underside which was rectangle shaped as well.   The more extraordinary part about this sighting is that I could also hear the object.  It made a light whooshing sound that was softer than that of a plane and kept the same tone.  It was a calming sound like that of ocean waves and I live nowhere near a large body of water capable of producing such a sound.   It also was lower than any plane I've ever seen before.  The object came rig! ht out of the clouds in front of me as I was driving on a residential road near my home.   Seeing the object prompted me to pull over and get out of my car to witness this immaculate event.   The object literally flew right over me allowing to give such specific details.   After this experience was over I got back in my car and pulled off.  As I got on a nearby highway I was able to see the object once again as it faded off into the clouds once more and was at a higher position in the sky than before when it was right over me.   This was one of the most shocking events I've seen.  To actually experience what I've only heard people speculate about and document encounters about is beyond any word I could use to describe.   Truly freaky and bewildering.  I hardly know what to think."
"I saw a bright emerald green gigantic object hovering over the Pacific Ocean for two to three minutes. About one year ago, July 1, 2007, I was walking home from a friend's condo to mine in same complex about 9:30 in evening.  At the top of a gentle hill I looked straight down the road running through the condo complex to the Pacific Ocean.  At the foot of the hill there are tall Norfolk pine trees on both sides framing the Pacific Ocean beyond.  Between these trees, over the ocean (cannot judge how far out) in the dark starless sky I saw a gigantic bright emerald green object that looked like a beach ball crushed from top and bottom into a shape like an oval with very narrow sides.  It was deeper green around the edges of the object.  It seemed to be floating over the ocean but I could see no reflection on the water.  I was quite fascinated by the vibrancy of the green color one the outer edges of the object.  I stood there watching it possibly two and a half to three minutes and then it shot off straight out to sea, not up, as best I could tell and disappeared immediately.  No afterglow as it disappeared.  It was just gone!  I rushed inside and called the Santa Barbara Sheriff's office and asked if they had any reports on green foreign objects in the sky.  Non emergency calls were being picked up in the Santa Maria Sheriff's department for some reason and I was told I could not get a contact for a non-emergency here in Santa Barbara.  The woman who answered informed me, \"Whatever you think you saw it's three days before Fourth of July.  If you really did see something it was early fireworks.\"  I am 79 years old and I've seen fireworks all my life from Los Angeles to Washington DC to France to China.  I know fireworks when I see them.  This had nothing to do with fireworks!  I then called a friend who is into astronomy seriously and he contacted people he knows involved in it but none of them saw anything.  I didn't know where else to turn so dropped it, other than for conversation starter at boring dinner parties.  Seeing you on Larry King tonight I decided I would file a report.  I was not drinking, I am a very successful published author and lecturer. still working at 79, who is totally balanced mentally and I have good eyesight.  I know what I saw and it was unlike anything I have ever seen before, outside of science fiction movies and my granddaughter's cartoon shows on TV. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD))"
"Silver orb hovering at 5 km  just east of the Salt Lake Valley. My wife daughter and I decided to get out of the valley smog and go for a late afternoon hike.  We took I-80 east to East Canyon, where the road is closed at the gate and you hike on packed snow.   On our way back we were looking at the moon, and various vapor trail patterns, when my daughter said what star is that?  At first I thought it was a planet because of its round shape.  At closer examination, we could see that it was a silver orb that was hovering at about 15,000 feet.   It stayed at in a stationary spot for about 10 minutes, and then disappeared."
"Several white, noiseless, triangular objects, no lights,  sighted in North Central Washington State I was watering roses and noticed something to my left moving above garage.  Looked up and saw 6 to 7 triangular white objects (no lights, no noise) moving south over property.  Objects appeared to be 6-12 ft wide and maybe 6 ft long.  It took about a minute for them to travel about 800 ft and out of sight behind a coulee (hill) on the property.  I was too scared to run into house and get a camera.  Property is isolated, on the lake, about 3 miles north of soap lake.  I was a Quality Manager at an electronics company in Moses Lake and did a saturday night oldies show on FM radio in Grand Coulee.  Several weeks later, a friend of mine (a court reporter) were outside the courthouse having a cigarette and I asked him if he had ever seen a UFO.  He said \"about a week ago, he couldn't sleep, went to his back porch for a cigarette about 2 am and saw several white, triangular objects in the sky\". ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Rectangular slinky which had the appearance of being made of flat black ribbon dangling from clouds for 10 miles definitely not smoke, Santa Ana, California, a Friend and I were driving down a busy street westbound (roughly) or facing the ocean side of the state.  It was clouded with a solid cover behind some darker cummulus clouds medium altitude and different shades of gray.  Over the treetops to our left, out of the corner of my eyes I saw what I thought to be smoke from a rather intense fire.  Being curious, I slowed down, no traffic behind me, just to look over.  When I managed to fully stop to view what this stream was, it did not originate from the earth.  It was dangling from the clouds in the western skies from over the Pacific Ocean.  The only way to describe it is :  imagine a  slinky made of a flat black ribbon.  Pull it open, attach one end to the clouds and let the other end dangle for 10 miles downward and inland for 10 miles.    Then, as I was pointing the thing out to my friend, I noticed a shorter version hanging from the clouds over Los Angeles County.  We were in disbelief! because the last time I saw something big in the UFO arena, it was with the same friend in Lauderdale by the Sea, Florida a few years ago.   We do not drink, smoke nor do we take any medication.  It was a shame that we were on our way to her job and couldn't take more time to go home for cameras and so on.  They were rectangular coils of something which was solid black and didn't dissipate like smoke would. Absolutely not smoke. It was a perfectly delineated rectangular slinky made of wide flat black ribbon being pulled open and dangling from the clouds downwards towards the earth. Very wierd!"
"I was having my lunch in the parking lot at work.  I saw what I though was lighting in the corner of my eye. I kept looking over to see if I could see it again.  What I saw was shocking, I froze up.  I saw flashing lights in a part of the sky.  Not only that!  It was white, blue, green and red and had a funny sound, like radiation.  I\u2019m still trying to find someone that saw that crazy stuff too."
"2 unidentifiable flying objects passsed over our home in Kerhonkson , NY Looked like a bright golden star off in the distance, seemed to hover and then rise straight up.  The \"star\" then seemed to fly in a slight zig/zag pattern.  As it got closer there appeared small rectangular shapes at the bottom of the object- these rectangles had a blue/grey hue to them, and there were two small flashing lights- a white one at the top and a red one at the bottom.  It flew off and disappeared.  About 15 min later another golden star was spotted (North over Kerhonkson and heading south).  This one flew in the same zig zag pattern, as it passed by we snapped some photos.  Did not see any rectangles on this one. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Exactly like the infamous Phoenix lights but further away,in the due north horizon. Hundreds of little lights in a straight line moving relatively fast.  I witnessed about 20 seconds before it disappeared into thin air. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"For several nights, for the last 2 weeks, there has been a craft hovering over the City of Elizabeth.  The noise of the craft gets louder and lower as it hovers in a circular formation over the city. The sound has awoken my wife on numerous nights.  My daughter has also seen a bright light in her room on one night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Silent white ball of light slowly arched across sky White ball of light very smoothly arched across sky.  No sound or pulsating.  I am a frequent sky watcher, and knew as soon as I laid eyes on it that it was not a plane because it was not on one of the local plane paths.   The light was intense and much different than other common earthy vehicles.   I did video tape my experience."
"An object similar in size and brightness to Venus higher in altitude and slightly south that hooveredand simply vanished Approximately 8:45 PM on May 3, 2018, between the towns of Chilhowie and Saltville, VA, my two sons, ages 11 and 17, witness something amazing.  As they were facing west  (slightly southwest)  they saw Venus with a very similar object nearby.  It was slightly higher altitude and just to the south.   Both of them were immediately confused.  They are very familiar with the night sky and  are used to seeing the one bright object.  They knew they had never seen two similar objects in those positions before.  They observed both objects for at least 5 to 7 seconds.   Then the object that was higher in altitude and slightly to the south simply went away.  I was driving the car  and could not look to see the objects, yet they were narrating the experience the entire time.  Their reaction was quite earnest and not dramatic in anyway.  They obviously had the same experience simultaneously. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she seemed to us to be quite serious-minded.  She seemed quite familiar with the positions of visible planets, at the time of the sighting.  PD))"
"Triangular aircraft with white lights and a blinking red light at triangles core Walking dog, heard a noise and white light coming over the trees.  Looked up thinking there was a very low flying plane.   Once the aircraft emerged fully from the tree line, I noticed that this was no airplane or aircraft that I have ever seen before.  Aircraft was massive in size but was moving pretty slow.  It was pretty loud as well.  It was a perfect triangle with white lights at each corner and a red flashing light in the middle."
"12 red orbs/spheres  over Wellsville, Ohio, skies. My husband and I were just coming home from walmart, when I got out of the car and said to him:  Oh my God look up in the sky, what I saw was unbelievable, there was 12 orange-red spheres, absolutely no sound, they were in a semi-circle pattern and at his time I ran to get my neighbor so she could look at these.  At this time they broke apart in triangles in groups of three and then as quickly as I was watching these, they started disappearing ,one by one.   Truly unbelievable and very scary. ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason we don't understand, source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Monday the 25th and the 26th. I am up at 4:45am every morning, went out to have a smoke.  The skys were clear, both mornings, I saw what looked like a star, except it was moving very fast.  I watched it go from north to south over the mountains, as i watched it ,i saw another one coming from the south heading to the north.  They passed each other and i watched them till they were out of my sight. As I pondered over what i just saw and was trying to explain it away in my mind, I saw another,now my mind is really racing. I watched it till  it was gone. Then another,going north. This time I said in my mind if this is really happening then make that moving star go faster.  That, whatever it was, shot off and was gone in a second. scared the crap out of me and i went in side The next morning i went out hesitantly, and saw the same, moving stars. I had this feeling that the star new that i was watching it, and i swear that i saw this star move up and down. I did not believe my own eyes so i thought in my mind to move in a circle and it did. Right away too.  Still, i am not convinced on what  was happening. I thought  show me more  prove to me this is happening. I saw 2, what looked like shooting stars in about 1 minute. Then i saw a very dark mass of something go over ahead of my town.  Well needless to say, I was done. I ran in my house Stopped thinking and have be searching sites for info ever since."
"The sightings began while sitting on a seawall of an open lot at the beach.  It's a private beach, so there is little to no light pollution.  My friend pointed out two yellowish lights in formation to our left (north).  I simply dismissed them as being airliners in a pattern to land.  But after about five seconds of looking away she yelled, \"They fused together!\".  I look back over and cofirmed there was just one light just stationary that lasted for about 5 minutes, until fading out.   Shortly after she points in front of us (East), over an anchored ship another light that was red, blue and white changing colors and shapes.  This one was different not only because of the changing colors and shapes but this one had a very erratic movement.  It wasn't stationary not moving in a certain direction.  It would do small erratic movements in almost every direction with occasional drops in altitude.  No conventional aircraft to my knowledge could have performed these movements that, being that high in the air, would equal to 50-100 foot instantaneous movements.  At one point we witnessed a light, almost like a strobe or lighting very near where we were sitting and my friend said she felt a presence and it was eerie so we decided to head back to our car.  As we walked we kept tracking the object that seemed to move North with us as we walked since it wasn't hovering over the ship anymore (that was our marker).  We stopped one last time to observe it and to confirm with each other that we were seeing the same thing and, sure enough, it was directly East of us at this point a half mile walk from our original position.  It continued to do the same erratic movements and even reacting to passing aircraft.  We left and were not able to see the object again."
"Orange pulsating ball of light Before the festivities and fireworks took place on the Mississippi on July 4th. I witnessed a couple of orange balls of light that were pulsating.   I know there were probably upwards of 10-20 thousand people at the park so I couldn\u2019t have been the only one to see them.   It started at the southern part of the city and moved, what looked like, along the rivers path north.  The orange light would pulse on and off.  It seemed to be sporadic and not at the same timed interval.  There was no sound, it was hard to judge the distance up in the air.  Though it could have been an airplane.   I previously served in the Army and know of UAV\u2019s and their ability to fly with a lack of noise at a certain height.  It looked to be moving too slowly and the light would have flashed at a specific interval.   Once it had made its way \u201cup the river\u201d and was near the Wisconsin Minnesota border, I noticed another one.   At this point it looked as if they were hovering, I am not sure if it was due to the distance away that they didn\u2019t look like they were moving.   But they didn\u2019t seem to be getting any further away. The sighting posted on 5/6/13 of orange lights, that are almost lanterns sounds just like what I saw as well."
"Three red lights, one after the other, came up from the valley (off if rt 7 in Manchester VT) and disappeared in the clouds. Three objects came up out of the valley and disappeared in the clouds.  One after the other. Red lights in the sky.  Moving slowly.  Did not look like a plane or anything we (my husband and myself) have ever seen."
"Circular lights seen in Bass River State Forest  above Lake Absegami NJ As we (my wife, kids and I) were heading back to our campsite we saw a ring of lights (10-12) in a circle, low flying above the lake.  We saw this in an opening in the trees for about 5 seconds.  I think I saw a small light next to it but it may have been a star. I stopped my truck as we both said what the - is that? As I stopped my truck we lost it through the trees.  I backed up but we could not locate it again. We both looked at each other and my wife said lets go to the trailer.  I backed up further (much further than original sighting) but could not locate the lights.  I decided to go to the RV.  I put the kids in the trailer and my wife went in to eat (we went out for food).  I stood outside and looked for the lights.  I felt strange, like I was sure I saw a ufo but like I didn't care enough to keep looking or something.  I heard and saw the ligths of several jets, the blinking lights of the jets illuminated the trees.  I'm sure they were jets and not large aircraft.  I went in the trailer and ate.  We heard more, or the same jets again and I said to my wife 'more jets'.   My wife seemed uncomfortable with what she saw and didn't say anything.  Before seeing this we had heard several loud (strange) noises in the woods that sounded like an extremly large jackhammer.  They were brief, but loud and powerful, I've never heard anything like them.  I don't know if they were related but we did not hear the noises again after the sighting and we heard it at least 10 times between Friday night and Saturday before the sighting."
"spherical metallic clear sky comparble with near by plane at 18:00 i was sitting in a car park looking at a plane in a very clear sky and noticed the plain flying towords the (1st star of the night) but as it approached the (star) i could clearly see the (object) was now obstructing my view of the plane, it then started shimmering and was obviously metallic, althought hight up i am thoroughly convenced of what i have seen."
"Ufo seen over Sacramento Ca, at 6:30 pm on 1-10-12 The object seemed blueish purple, it hovered making small position changes, as it changed shape and color. At times it seemed to have a red glow. It was seen in the southwestern sky viewed from my location, it then slowly moved away towards the southwest. The event ended at 6:35 pm pacific time from my viewing position."
"Big ball of light like it was a helicopter spotlight but there was no aircraft, it looks cloudy around the area but the sky was clear. One the light disappeared there was a cloudy hazy turquoise sphere which was very dim but visable. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"brightest fastest thing i have ever seen in the sky, around lafayette, la area. the sky was grey just after sunset. was heading back to Lake Charles from baton rouge after taking a state test. was on the phone with a friend and I saw it.  It was so bright and so fast it was unreal.   There was a thin cloud horizontally it was maybe 6\" thick in my view but probably quite large in reality.  I saw it for about one second going so fast into the cloud and a split second later was on the other side of the cloud and within 2 to 3 seconds later it was out of the atmosphere.  I could tell that it wasnt following the curvature of the earth.  Instead, it faded into the atmosphere.   I really cannot stress how fast and how bright this thing was."
"Looking towards the west I saw a beam of white light with a blue green ball heading straight down.  Was huge and really bright.  Definitely landed or crashed towards the west which is the water. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Five amber red balls. 3 disappear and 2 combine into one over San bernardino ca. The sky wad already dark because it was around 8:40 pm my friend noticed them and I looked up and far in the atmosphere   We saw 5 amber red balls stationary in the sky.  We continued to watch them for 15 minutes within that time they started to move around in the same area they were in.3 of them seemed to disappear (my theory exit our atmosphere); furthermore, the remaining to slowlry merged together and became one.once it was just one it seemed to dim out then reappear but a few seconds later it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Date corrected by witness.  PD))"
"I was standing in my front yard smoking a ciggarette just looking at the stars, when I noticed a bright white sphere moving slowly across the sky north to south. Now at the same time there is a 747 flying east to west heading for sky harbor airport, I could see the headlights and the blinking lights on the plane. The white sphere had no blinking lights what so ever it was soild white and was alot brighter than the headlights on plane. I continued to watch as they crossed pathes with each other, I was not able to tell if they were at the same altitued because the sphere was just in fornt of plane. As the plane went past me I couldn't see the headlights any more but I could still see the bright sphere as if it was a ball of light. The object continued flying south into some thin clouds. When it got into the clouds they lit up all around it. Then it got into a thick cloud and I couldn't see it anymore , I stood there for a few more minutes waiting for it to come out the other side of the cloud, and it never did."
"just at sun up at or near 7a.m. clear blue sky no clouds and a truly cigar shaped object that looked white to me like a belly of a fuelsage with no wings or tail an looks to be at a super high altitude that appeared at my 12 o'clk sky an watch in amazement as that hotrod shrank to a dim star an blink its gone all happened in 10 seconds or less. no vapor trail just look like thin membrane or halo surround it in the exact shape. seen in clear blue morning sky no vapor trail on a day vapor trails were highly visible for all jet traffic. space shuttle en glid to kennedy space center? is it one of those inter-dimensional mysteries rods? look'd the part. DAMFINO,Huxford,al; over & out. ((NUFORC Note:  We have no idea what an \"inter-dimensional mystery rod\" is.  PD))"
"Illuminated gold/yellow Chevron traveling from East horizon to West horizon in seconds. Gold\\yellow Chevron-shaped something was seen in the North East horizon, approximately at a 10 o'clock placement to the Earth if there Earth were at 6 and directly overhead was a 12.  It traveled from East to the West covering the entire horizon in a matter of 10 seconds.  It traveled faster than anything that humanly exist.  It was very big.  The size of the Moon on any given average night.  It was a Chevron-shaped, triangle with another triangle offset directly behind and the triangle behind tip of triangle splitting the middle of the one in front.  Never seen any thing like it and no question of it possibly belonging to this planet.  Absolutely not of this world.  Moved faster than any thing we have on this planet. Unbelievably fast.  One horizon to the other (East to West) in a matter of less than 10 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  We have attempted to contact the source of the report, in order to establish the correct date of the sighting.  PD))"
"At night, a group of about five independently-moving lights, changing directions instantly in straight paths.  The lights were difficult to see, like very dim stars. If I hadn\u2019t been looking for dim stars in the exact spot I was looking, I wouldn\u2019t have noticed them. They appeared to be the same brightness, color, and distance of the stars. (I know stars are at all different distances from Earth, but this is the best way to describe their appearance.)  It was a clear night in early summer. There were many visible stars, no moon. Myself and my friend (about 20 years old), were watching the sky from a field in the countryside. I noticed the lights and was able to direct my friend to see them. We both watched them and discussed how they were moving. We agreed there were no aircrafts that could move like that. We saw them for at least 15 minutes, but it could have been longer.  They did not move in regular patterns. Each light would move independently. They were not traveling across the sky, they were staying in a proximate area, never moving very far from each other. This was easy to see because of the abundance of visible stars around and behind them.  Each light would move in a straight path, at a steady speed, and then change direction immediately. The light would not slow down or change speeds mid-flight. The direction-change was immediate. They did not curve.  A light would sometimes become more faint and then brighter again. (I assumed this to be it moving further and closer from us.) Their speeds could vary at each direction change. (I assumed this to be a result of the angle they were moving relative to Earth). I don\u2019t remember if they ever stood still. Their speed was not too fast to watch, (Not like a cat chasing a rapidly-moved laser pointer.) though I\u2019m sure they were moving at high speeds. Our distance from them made them easy to track.  The lights eventually became too faint to see, but not all at once. I assumed this to be a result of the group moving further away from us.  We agreed that the movements were intentional (controlled by some intelligence - presumably the pilots of the crafts). But could this have been some naturally occurring phenomenon? If so, I\u2019d assume someone would know about it, or it would be common knowledge. After all, there are astronomers who study space for a living.  As I said, I believe these moving lights were controlled by an intelligence. Not because they were doing anything logical, but just that they were deliberate and unmistakably calculated. If these were actually government crafts being tested or whatever, I don\u2019t see what their tests could have been proving. Furthermore, why would they have 5 of them up there? If they were testing, wouldn\u2019t they just have one craft? Or two? I don\u2019t kow. If they were alien craft, I still don\u2019t see how those \u2018acrobatics\u2019 could have had a useful purpose. Unless they were just joyriding in their crafts, like some of us do after a fresh snow. We saw this 8-12 years ago - don\u2019t remember. Haven\u2019t seen anything like it since. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright ball of fire in sky, collingwood A bright ball of fire in the sky, with a plane or something going around it. the ball was way to bright to be a plane or anything frome a light it wasnt a lighthouse or tower light. This object would get so bright it would light up the sky you could see all clowds around it looked like a sun but a little smaller. It really looked like fire!. it would light up then after a little while go out and it repeated this about 5 or 6 times.  sometimes it would go out for abuot 15 mins and come back for a good minute then a second light apeard to the left after the first one went out. this was always at the same spot in the sky. the plane or whatever it was that was going around it once the ball was out it would move from left to right and it changed direction way to fast for a plane any ways i just want to know what this was it wasnt something ive ever seen.   anyone frome creiglithe, collingwood or wasaga beach could of seen this."
"a disc shaped craft that appeared to be made of metal. I was 12 years old and My Aunt and I witnessed the disk shaped craft from a distance of 100 feet. The saucer made no sound as it flew over Her house and headed north, after traveling several blocks at about 3 MPH it made a right angle turn to the west and accelerated towards the coast mountain range and then shot straight up at speeds beyond My describing.  It appeared to go into orbit in about 3 seconds.  The only other fact I can swear to is it looked exactly like the disc's Bob Lazar claimed to have worked on in area 51. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Travel time was way shorter than it should have been (missing time?) I keep recollecting this incident so decided to submit a report.  This happened sometime in the summer/very early fall between 1993 and 1995, in the days before GPS and automated navigation, and before we had kids.  My wife and I decided to drive from North Alabama to Western New York State to visit her parents.  Since our route was taking us nearby Ft. Thomas, KY, where her aunt lived at the time, we agreed we would stop there for the night and take her aunt with us to New York State. In those days, I prided myself on my map-based navigational skills and ability to predict our arrival time to within 15 minutes, even driving hundreds of miles.  I was never off by more than a couple minutes, ever.  The first part of the trip to Ft. Thomas was uneventful, and we arrived within my predicted timeframe.  The second part of the trip from Ft. Thomas to our destination in western NYS, I predicted to be around 530 miles with a travel time of 7hrs 45 min to 8 hrs in duration (which gives an average interstate speed of about 66 mph, including stops).  All went well and we had a great trip.  I seem to recall that the last leg of the journey (maybe 50-100 miles) seemed a bit off from where I expected to be, like I took the wrong exit, but we easily knew where we were, and we made it to the in-laws as expected. When we arrived, the in-laws seemed surprised.  They were not expecting us so soon, even though I had given them the expected arrival time the day before, and we had spoken to them when we left, so they would know when we started.  The problem was, we arrived over 2 hours earlier than predicted, based on mileage and travel time from KY to western NYS. My wife, her aunt, and I were totally confused about how we got there so fast.  We checked the distances, and reran the calculations several times, each time showing the original, predicted 8 hour travel time and predicted arrival time (taking time zones into account).  I don\u2019t remember if we ever checked the odometer (it seems that we would have), nor what the mileage was.  Getting there in 6 hours would have had us averaging over 88 mph.  I never drive that fast, and couldn\u2019t through the city areas, and would have surely remembered doing so.   After a very short while we shrugged it off and went about our business.  However, in the weeks and years after, we talked about it off and on, and agree we all felt very weirded out.  It was a memorable experience. Other than driving through Cincinnati near the start and feeling like we took the wrong exit and road at the end, I don\u2019t have any particular memories of the trip, of how we actually got from Ft. Thomas to our destination, where/when we got gas or made stops, or if we ate along the way.  Everything is a blur to each of us.  However, I do feel like at some point, I asked my passengers \"do you believe in them now.\u201d  But it is a fuzzy memory, and I don\u2019t know if I asked it, or if I somehow inserted that into my memory of that day.  What I do know is that we made impossible time on that trip, corroborated by outside witnesses, and we three travelers have no idea how we did it.  And I have seen plenty of strange things and had a number of odd experiences in my life, a number of which I have reported to this site. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"It looked like a smashed diamond a parallagram if you will-the color of flash like a camera,  during I got my cell phone it was gone. I am replying back to the message i received from well it says do not mention any names.  His initials are PD.  This is real not a hoax.  I described what I saw as a flash and you want more detail-ok.   As i was driving south bound on the 605 south coming from santa anita- I was probably near passing Duarte.  As I was driving south bound i looked up just below my blue tint of my wind shield.  I seen this glow-it looked like a flash not the speed but the color.  Its shape i would say like a parallagram or like a diamond a smashed diamond- thats the closest i can say because it was bright in a sense that I could not make out the exact form.  As i was looking at it I thought it to be a reflection of a commercial planes wings to the sun, but I did not see any plane after- I repeat-I did not see any plane-planes are not that fast as we see them flying from the ground.  I am looking at this UFO for about 6 seconds or so then I reach for my cell phone.  My cell was in my center console-so I looked down just briefly maybe 3 seconds i get it then I looked up the flash was gone so I am continuing looking for a commercial airplane- as I thought it was a reflection from the sun to its wings.  No plane in sight.  I called my mom and told her because i freaked out- I was gonna tell her what I was seeing and I did.  Then when I happened to look up after i got my cellphone it was gone.  Yes-I seen a UFO.  I will never forget that.  It looked like a smashed diamond the color was-well look at flash from a camera that was the color.  It was still-it was not moving it was still.  I cannot give an estimate in feet but like i said - I thought it might be a reflection of a commercial airline to the sun, but it was not.  I seen something that dissapeared- it was gone in a matter of seconds-just when I was getting my cellphone- go figure- that was something crazy.  again I am not BSing."
"Triangle shaped ufo in maple valey almost crashes was driving on my way t work on wax road in maple valley, heading to kent. it was quite dark out but not dark enough to see the stars. i hd this sudden feeling to look up as i was drivingand when i looked up and out my wind shield their was a huge aircraft and it looked like it was going to crash on the street. i mean this thing was low at firsti thought a passenger plane was going to crash. the guy driving in front of me, and my self pulled over and thats when i realized it was not  jet it was a huge triangle shaped somthing. i wached as t slowed down almost to a hover but then took off so fast it was gone in about 15 seconds this thing was fast!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"THE CRAFT WAS A SAUCER SHAPE WITH THE OUTER CIRCLE BEING LIT WITH A PROMINENT LIGHTING.   THERE WAS A WHISTLE NOISE WHICH CAUGHT MY REACTION TO LOOK UP JUST IN TIME TO SEE THE SWIFT LITE MAKE AN S SWOOP."
"Slowly rotating group of lights hovering with car We saw a grouping of 8 dinner plate sized lights, in a rotating formation.   While driving on I-44, just past Fort Leonard Wood area.  Saw them first in front, somewhat bright, not round-more flattened, about 1/2 mile ahead.   Then shortly right above and in front of car, moving slowly then to right of car, then over top (visible in windshield), then moved over to left.  Lights were in formation, slowly rotating, about 10-20 yards from car, keeping up with us at 60 mph.  Then went over car, not seen leaving over back. Observed time in distance about 20 seconds.  Time right over car was about 1:15 minutes to 1:30. This was 2 AM, cloudy skies had been raining earlier in day.  Very light traffic, one truck about 1/2 mile back. No object was visible, only the lights.  Maybe a drone?"
"Walked outside at 11 p. M.  Seen two dots connected with a beam of light going across the sky l was looking North.  Object traveling Southeast lost sight as it went over hurricane cliffs. Tried to take video but was not able to capture anything. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Boomerang object spotted me and my fianc\u00e9 where in our front yard gazing at the half moon, I then spotted something move. thought it was the clouds, but it was moving fast.  I pointed at it to her to witness also, we both watched carefully.  The object made no noise and was huge.  The color was almost clear and parts of it was white.  It was in the shape on a boomerang. and for it to go across the sky to a disappearing point, took about 10 seconds.  I personally thought it was a person hand ((sic.  Hang.)) gliding.  But nah!!!  We both agree it was not."
"Three individual red lights flying over East Orlando Approximately 8pm we witnessed a red flame like light travelling east to west and disappearing behind a cloud.  About 3 minutes later we witnessed a second light flying in the same direction and it disappeared also.  About 5 minutes after that a third light followed the other two except this time it wasn\u2019t in a straight line this one seemed to wobble back and forth before it disappeared."
"6 orange circles holding formation in sky. Driving home and saw 6 orange lights in the sky, held formation and faded back and forth flickering amongs each other, last one did 4-5 blinks and disappeared."
"esfera brillante apareci\u00f3 una esfera muy luminosa en el patio de mi casa del tama\u00f1o de una pelota de bey bol a una distancia de unos dos metros de donde yo estaba se quedo est\u00e1tica por unos 30 segundos cuando alse mi vos para llamar a los de mas el objeto se desplazo a una velocidad impresionante."
"red white and blue lights rippling black on the bottom huge!!  500 Lights On Object0: Yes travling west on highway 40 saw a large light in sky then out of nowhere it was beside my car it was soild black a light on each corner red white and blue. it followed me for about 1 mini was scared 2 death my children were with me.i exited the highway and called a family member.i have no idea what it was the bottom of the craft was rippling blackalmost shining."
"3 amber/orange lights with loud rumble sound move through Lancaster CA UFO Sighting:     On or about 1730, 24 Jan 2011 I witnessed what I believe to be a UFO.  I am a Jet Engine Mechanic/Aircraft Supervisor.  I have been in the trade for 12 years.  I\u2019ve worked 15 different model/makes of engines on over 20 different aircraft platforms.  I\u2019ve grown up in a family of aviators.  I have lived in houses since my teens directly in conventional aircraft flight patterns.  I know what an airplane, jet, or turboprop sounds, and more importantly looks like. Around 1730 on the 24th of January 2011 I was standing on my back patio grilling pork chops.  The sky was clear.  The sun was just starting to go down.  We still had blue skies when I began to hear a very deep rumble of a jet engine.  C-130 aircraft are commonly flying over head so it was refreshing to hear a jet engine.  I have watched hundreds of aircraft take off from the EOR (End of Runway).  When I casually looked up curious as to what was there, I did a double take because I didn\u2019t see anything?  I remember asking myself where is it.  It\u2019s not that high based on the clarity of the sound.  I know how the sound of jets can creep up on you when they\u2019re in the air, and by the time you hear it it\u2019s gone.  This was right above me.  After about ten seconds of looking, suddenly right above me, two very bright amber/orange lights came on.  They were easily a few hundred yards apart.  I know what an afterburner (ab) looks like when lit and these were not afterburners, and there! was no sound progression to go with the transition from mil power to ab.  As I watched this slowly move north toward Rosamond CA a third light directly in between, but slightly forward of the two came on, and it was amber as well.  This made a slight triangle shape. I knew what I was watching was something different so I called for my wife who was in the house to come look.  The craft was no longer directly over head as it was moving away from us.  She wondered what it was and referred to the formation of lights as Orion\u2019s Belt.  That\u2019s about the right description. I was waiting for some movement vertical or horizontal showing separation, but nothing occurred.  Then each light began going off to the point all three lights were gone at one time, and the sound was still there.  Then one by one each light came back on and then in between the left and center lights two very fast silver lights flashed two or three times and went away.  To me they resembled a light showing formation of the aircraft.  It was too far away to tell if it silhouetted the craft.  From my perspective they were just between the center and left light.  They never came back on while the three amber lights remained visible.  All together I watched this craft move maybe 20 miles in about 10 min until I lost sight due to my neighbor\u2019s house obstructing it.  I will say during the entire ordeal even after losing sight the sound remained constant.  It was a very deep rumble.  It moved very slowly. I live in a newly built residential neighborhood that doesn\u2019t have a single tree taller than 15ft.  I live near Edwards AFB and waited to see if anything may be flying with it?  I didn\u2019t see any recognizable aircraft come to view.   Nobody was outside lighting off any fireworks or flares.  I am truly perplexed as to what it was that passed over my house?  The whole time I was asking myself is anybody else seeing this.  There had to be?  It was still day light and the weather very nice.  I\u2019ve never reported a UFO of any kind, and kept telling my wife I want to see if anybody else is reporting something?  I only wish I would have run in the house and grabbed a camera instead of being awestruck. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this individual, and we found him to be an unusually credible witness.  He speaks as eloquently and clearly as we observe he writes.  PD))"
"I walked outside my house at night to smoke a cigarette, and I saw a ball of green light.  It seemed to almost look electrical.   The sky was clear all around it, and the ball it self was almost a lime or emerald green.  I called my mother to tell her what I was seeing in my backyard.   I was not scared I just had no idea what it was.  It did not even occur to me to take a picture!   I had watched some shows on television and I just so happened to see the same thing!  The only difference was the person reported that it was white.  I immediately called and asked my mom if she remembered my phone call about the abject I had seen, and she said she remembered when I had called.   I have never seen anything like this in my life.  What was weird about it is I did not feel scared as I was staring at the object.  It was there the entire time I was outside, which was possibly 15 minutes.   In addition, I got the feeling I should go inside, not that I was scared, just that it was time to go inside, I never saw it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates neither the time, nor the date, of the sighting.  Hence, we have applied an artificial time and date.   Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact him/her, to confirm time and date.  PD))"
"Non-lit  craft flying quickly through the sky. Dark gray against the dark blue night sky. I was outside with my buddy when i noticed this boomerang shaped 'mass' with no lights on it floating the night sky.  It was about the size of a half dollar coin at arms length.  It was very dark gray against the  dark blue sky with no lights. No sound was heard from this object.  It moved really fast then made a sharp turn and disappeared.  My friend and I both saw the object leaving us both saying 'what the heck was that?'   I never seen anything like it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"12 V Shaped Lights in Sky I saw 12 lights in a perfect V shape, then two of the lights on the right side veered off to right leaving a light trail and disappeared, and that quickly all the rest of the lights disappeared without leaving a trail.  They just vanished.  I heard no sound from the lights."
"I know eactly by the stars where it first appeared and when we lost sight of it, It did not last very long at all. During the evening of the Sept 11th-07, me and new friend were sitting outside enjoying a evening on Moberly Lake. I was looking up at satelites that were crossing the sky when suddenly there was a very bright light that was definitely not in our earth space. The light at first seemed to be coming straight toward earth, i had enough time only to tell my friend - \"Look a falling star!\" she looked immediately and saw a light fading off the light seemed to go away from us and disapeaared into space. The light was brighter than any I have ever saw. I have seen airplanes travelling at night and I swear this was not an airplane and It was not even close to earth! At first the light appeared to be coming down like a falling star then suddenly it changed course to near 180 degrees and seemed to be going opposite away from earth.  I do not ever report things, but I felt i must let someone no about this. This is not a hoax. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Orange orbs going south. 6 orange orbs flew south 6 turned into 4. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a nighttime sighting, and have amended the time above.  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we cannot confirm the sighting time.  PD))"
"Red, slowly pulsating light, that hovered in the north for twenty minutes. I was sitting on my patio listening to the Boise State-Fresno game ( I don't have ESPN) at around 11:00 pm 9/18/09, and looking north I noticed a small bright red light . As I watched it hover in mostly one spot (it did slowly drift to the west) it would get brighter and then fade slowly. It slowly pulsated this way the whole time I watched it for about twenty minutes. It finally just faded away altogether like it was moving away north at what would have to be a high rate of speed.  I doubt any one else in Boise witnessed this because most would be watching the game on TV. BSU football is that big here. This object looked like no aircraft I've ever seen or heard of. I couldn't tell how far or altitude but if I had to guess, I would say it was very high in the sky and fairly far, because it was pretty much just a spot of light. I wanted to get my wife and video camera but didn't want to miss what it might do. I will be watching your site to see if anyone else spotted this."
"At about 10:15 pm tonight, August 3, 2019, over Willard, Ohio, a pair of orange lights were seen moving very slowly in parallel with each other as they crossed in the night sky in somewhat of an arc from southeast moving northwest for a short distance before disappearing.  Two more similar lights followed within a few seconds, following roughly the same path and again disappeared.  There was no noise.  The lights were steady, not blinking."
"bright orange object on july 3rd 2010 I noticed something out of the corner of my eye in the sky when I looked up i saw a bright object.  Then i focused my eyes and got a better look it was slowly moving and then stopped.   I then ran inside got my wife it was a bright glowing orange color.   After about a minute it was hovering over top of the house and the orange glow was gone.  You could clearly see a disk and from the distance away it was about the size of a childs soccor ball.   It stayed there for about a minute then headed slowly in the sky towards watkins glen.   At that time we went got my brother at his house and tried to find it again but did not."
"Like a shooting star lightening brightly around us, going fast north-south, but close to earth, silently In the sky, like a shooting star, white-green-fluorescent color, silent, we saw going from the nord to the south, it took 5-6 seconds to disapeer from our sight inthe south (the forest blocking our view) I tought it was a shooting star but too close to earth, and it lighted the sky and around us, and throug the forest at our left in front of the house, we were in the street. Our place is very wooded, with mountains, good view of the sky and stars at night. Was it a meteorite? Have no idea... Can a meteorite lighten around us like that?"
"So honestly it didn\u2019t look very odd at first it just looked like a plane but the more I looked at it the more I could see it looked more like a cigar (granted it was very far away).  What really made me report it though was the distance it was covering.  Like 15ish miles a second and when I did some calculations that would be close to 60000 mph.  Which is ungodly fast, there also seemed to be some intelligent maneuvering going on which makes me believe it wasn\u2019t a rocket.  (It continually changed direction) although I\u2019m no expert in weapon systems.  It could have been nothing but it seemed odd, odd enough that I wanted to research and report it."
"7 lights of one craft veiwed at night over south east Kansas. First of all id like to tell you i used to think people who were into this stuff were a bunch of weirdos. Not till i saw one myself, along with my grandparents, aunt, and cousin, which im glad because none of them would beleive me if i told them \" I JUST SAW A UFO!\" Anyways...  The Sighting occured 2 years ago, i just now was interested in reporting it, it lasted about 45 sec. just outside of Parsons, KS. It was just a bright red light that caught the corner of my eye.   As i looked over, it appeared to \"open up\" with the first light i saw stopping, then, simultaneously two lights on each side of the single light lit up, then two more lights on the sides of those lit up at the same time, with two more to light on the side of them.  There were seven total lights.  Then, without moving it appeared to close up the same as it had opened, with the two outside lights going off simultaneously then the next, then the next. with only the middle light visible it appeared to move to a different area in the sky. Then it opened and closed the same way. It did this maybe 4 times.  Then, almost suddenly it shot off, open, with an incredible speed. I could not beleive what i saw.  I have you know that this experience sparked my intrest for ufology and astronomy, i hope to serve in those fields. I want to know all i can. Please take this seriously, i have no reason to lie. I am a christian, if that means nothing to you, you should know they are honest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date above, to reflect \"about two years ago.\"  PD))"
"4 Orange/red balls of light flying through the sky Just after midnight we were outside by the fire ready to come inside to watch a movie just after celebrating the new year.  As we were picking up, we saw a bright orange/red ball that we thought was a New Years firework, but it didn't die out.  They came in a cluster of 2.  We watched all 4 \"balls\" go across the sky..still waiting to see them die out, but they disappeared behind the trees.  There was no sound and they went at a steady pace.  The most eerie thing we've ever seen.  We all looked at each other and said..\"we are all seeing this..right?\"  I took pics with my cell phone, but they just looked like stars."
"Orange almost twinkling sphere shaped objects.  Flying from west to east.  Firstly appx 8 or 10 in a formation of singular and dual file, then loner objects appeared to follow the same path as the original objects faded, they too followed a similar path until they faded into the sky."
"I work road construction on interstate 80 in Nevada approx.. 25 miles east of Battle Mt., NV. and 7 miles north of Beowawe NV.   There were three white or silver spheres in the sky.  The bright ness faded in and out and could have been the reflection of the sun.  The craft did not move for approx. four hours.  I used the compass on me phone for a direction and it was at 216+- degrees SSW from my location.   I wonder If this is what also was seen in the salt lake area today.  If it is, they were very high in elevation because salt lake city Utah is 240+ miles away.  There was normal aircraft in the vicinity but showed no reaction to the objects.  This could be due to the distance."
"object observed while Riding ATV's in Rye Patch Nevada We were on a camping trip for a week and rode our ATV's up to see the mines at Mt. Majumba, which is located in Rye Patch Nevada.This is a very remote area of the desert. The Saucer shape vehicle came very fast towards us above the mountain and within two pictures frames of the camera about 15 seconds were taken and it disapeared . The saucer did apear to hve a vortex type of cloud from the trail it was making and the space around it was like looking into a pool of rippling water. I will send some of the photos of it. We apparentle have another photo of the same type ship taken from our window as were were driving there on Sunday October 11, 2008 around 12:30 pm."
"I was driving home from work and saw in the clear blue sky, a spherical object that was brightly lit - possibly reflecting sunlight. I only noticed it because of the light either coming from it, or reflecting off it. It remained still for about 15 seconds and then suddenly disappeared. It left no trail - it just vanished."
"Disc sighting in Detroit These events happened on March 8th 1975 in Detroit MI. Sky was clear.  At about 7:00 pm in the evening I was walking to my friend\u2019s house about a block and a half away. As I was walking I looked in the western sky and noticed a bright star, which was 90 degrees from me. It was unusual but I didn\u2019t pay much attention. As I walked along I looked again and it not only had moved ahead but had gotten bigger which I began thinking was unusual. Walking along about 100 feet further I looked again and it had moved farther ahead and became much bigger. At this point I was nearing the end of the block and started to watch it continually. It started moving closer and became much bigger. The last time I looked I had crossed to the next block and it was hovering almost directly above me. It was a ball perhaps 150 feet in diameter, without sound and had a red light on the bottom. At this time I sprinted the half block to my friends house."
"Def not planes...red orange lights looked like fire almost in side of something that wasn't a plane but more of a spaceship shape  Saw 3 few min apart all headed same way. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 121"
"3 large bright lights in a semi triangular shape moving slowly and silently Wednesday, August 13, 2014, Approx. 11pm, I was taking my dogs out before bedtime and something caught my eye.  I saw a slow, silent moving craft with 3 very large round lights in a semi-triangular pattern, flying lower  than a normal\t aircraft, but not extremely close to the ground either. The lights were so bright that you could make out the shape of the craft which also seemed to be semi-triangular. There are lots of trees around my house so I lost complete view after about 2 minutes.  I\u2019ve seen planes at night before but never one like this."
"I heard two men talking to each other and one said \"where is it?\"   the other said \"I don't see it right now, but I have the gun.\"   I was in my vehicle in the country waiting on some friends and had just gotten off of work.    After I heard the men speaking I looked up and saw a cylendrical craft with multiple rows of colored lights descend upon my vehicle and hover for about five minutes before ascending back in the sky and shooting off in a westerly direction.    I never saw the men who were talking and I started my car and got out of there before they could find me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Almost transparent, yet you could tell solid objects moving extremly fast, like a flash light beam in the night sky the other was chevr Events occurred around 12:30 mid night on several recent nights while looking out over back yard facing West Southwest, images moving in  S to N path.  Fog like but solid, almost transparent.  First two objects were as ovals, rapid moving like a flash light beam in the air, moving extremely fast.  Tonight's object was moving from N to S same flight path (but opposite direction), but larger chevron image..no sounds at either sightings, clear night with stars....it wasn't moving as fast as the oval flash light beams, but appeared to float so smoothly at great speed.  No air craft in the air, no beacon lights fairly dark star lite night...resembled ghost as see in TV programs almost transparent, but yet you could tell they were solid objects...moving very fast..a blink of an eye, you would miss them...."
"If you go to the west of town almost to the edge look to the south west you will see blue white and now for the first time on 12/17/17 there is a dim red light.  I have seen jet fighters in formations going near one of them also one has flew over my house without sound.   Want to know what this is trying to find out but no help white lights are sharp fast blinking and random the blue are sometimes sharp and some are slow real dim the new red one is dim don\u2019t know what it all means maybe someone has answeres out there"
"Unusually bright light seen next to very bright full moon I was out with family, going for a holiday lights viewing ride in a car. We decided to drive around the ritzy neighborhood on the north side of Green Mountain. I noticed earlier that there was a full moon and it was very bright, in the ENE sky. I like looking at the moon, so occasionally I would look at it again. One time I looked at it there was a bright light just to the right of the moon. I assumed it was Venus or a bright star, although I've never seen one so close to such a bright full moon. I looked again about 10 minutes later, and now the same light was to the LEFT of the moon. That didn't seem right to me. Someone told me they thought it was probably Mars. Two problems with that: it didn't have the usual reddish tint and was brighter than it would be EVEN IF it was AWAY FROM a full moon--it should have appeared even dimmer to me because of the brightness of the full moon so close to it; and how did it move over to the other side of the moon? I decided at the time to doubt my observations, but now I am more curious, as there have been other reports of this object, one with photos, on this site. I didn't mention it at the time to anyone; they were only looking at the holiday lights in that neighborhood. I am a member of MUFON and Colorado MUFON."
"Object appeared under the moon and proceeded towards the bay at a brisk pace high over the tree tops, it looked like two bright or Object appeared under the moon and proceeded towards the bay at a brisk pace high over the tree tops.  Object looked like two bright orange spheres linked together in a figure 8 pattern."
"Lights in a chevron shape flying over West Sacramento, CA I saw 4-5 lights in a chevron shape fly above a layer of clouds.  I only saw the lights and could net see any shape to whatever the lights were attached.  The lights were somewhat dim due to the cloud layer.  It was completely silent and flew northwest and then made a sharp turn to the northeast.  It flew faster than the commercial airliners the regularly fly over my house.  No one was present with me.  This is the third time I have seen such a craft.  Twice, my ex-wife and I saw one fly over the family student housing complex for the University of California, Berkeley, when I was in attending school there (the housing complex is in Albany, CA, and I reported these sightings to this website too).  I think these were in May 2002 and May 2003.  In those cases, I could see the craft."
"Yellowish circular object moving in same region of space for more than three hours. On the night of May 19, 2016, I observed what I thought was a satellite moving cross the sky until the object ceased moving in the approximate region of the stars Altair and Tarazed.  The object then began moving in a random zig-zag motion while staying in the same region of space.   I observed this for approximately 30 minutes before getting my camera to film and video tape the object.   Over the course of three hours I watched and took approximately 30 pictures and 10 minutes of video before clouds moved in and obscured my view.  The object is circular and orange in color.   When magnifying the image the object takes on the color spectrum ranging from orange, yellow, green, and purple."
"((NUFORC Note:  RETRACTION--Thanks to Mr. Ted Molczan of SEESAT-1, we now believe that the 4-5+ objects seen by witnesses in the Pacific Northwest probably were parts from the \"Dragon\" CRS-6 supply ship, which had been launched a few hours before the sighting.  We express our gratitude to Mr. Molczan, and to his collaborators, for spotting our error, and for making the information available to our Center.  PD)) 4 what looked like Satellites following each other. My Wife and I usually spend time in our outside hot tub most nights.  Our hot tub is up against our house and we look directly up to see the sky (after  the eave of our house) and then on to the East.  We have seen the usual space sightings i.e. the ISS frequently, other Satellites and Meteors along with normal high and low flying aircraft. What we witnessed was totally mind blowing.  A very unusual event. Looking directly straight up we saw what looked like a satellite appear and as usual we would have just watched it go and disappear, but this time another satellite appeared directly after it.  I commented to my wife, wow that\u2019s unusual and then a 3rd and then a 4th appeared. These \u201cspots of light\u201d looked exactly like other satellites that we have seen.  (The ISS is brighter)  They were heading East in a Line, following each other. There was no sound (none) as to explain aircraft in formation. They only were white, like the ISS except smaller again like, other satellites we have witnessed. Speed seemed similar to ISS or other satellites we have witnessed. We just watched until they disappeared in the East. Picture below is best I can do .. you will have to imagine the distance between going by the speed described above and the explanation of how quickly we spotted them. West \t\t\tDirectly Traveling \t\t\t\t\tEast   O\t\t\tO\t\t\t\tO\t\t\tO   Started seeing them at 90\u00ba above us.  I am a logical man with many years behind me and have never ever seen anything like this before. I would love an explanation that I could accept."
"Three disk like objects were seen. Each one had 4 small lights on the front. They moved in formation to the Northeast. One slowly disappeared (almost faded away). Then the other two stopped moving. Then another one disappeared. The third one kind of stayed there for about 30 seconds, then one reappeared. Finally the two faded into the clouds. I didn't see anything else after that."
"Greenish object seen falling with a greenish illuminated plume along the trajectory path. A dark green colored object was seen falling from the sky with a light green colored illuminated plume behind the objects trajectory. A local sheriffs deputy on patrol for drunk drivers near a bar stopped immediately during the event, and sat for some time observing after the incident.  This incident was similar to an incident which occured in the same exact location on 02-04-2007. Even the object, fall trajectory, and possible landfall point were similar to the 02-04-07 event, which was covered by local media outlets, but no video is known to be available."
"Three objects changing shapes and colors over Bartow, FL. There were 3 objects in the sky that were spaced apart and they were all changing colors and shape.  They were not drones because they were in the sky for at least 30 minutes, maybe longer.  It was a clear night so my mom and I could see them very well, we could see a lot of stars.  I know they weren\u2019t stars because the changing colors and shape. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible \"twinkling\" stars??  PD))"
"El Paso bright orange light On my way to the store, i was driving NE of the Franklin mountains, suddenly a pretty bright orange light appeared straight ahead of me what seemed maybe 4/500 yds high. I pulled over right away and tried to get a shape of the object, it was moving very slow, not up, but foward.  and with my hand held at arms length was the size of my pinky nail. after about 20 seconds it just turned off, i did not see any shapes when the light turned off, and there was no noise at all. no airplane lights or chopter lights, nada."
"I was in the backyard watching from a portable dvd and turned my head toward the sky, not sure why.   And I saw seven to eight objects in the sky, they were floating ever so gently and I was spellbound.  They were like an amber color and sort of round but a definite shape could not be held because of the beautiful glow.   I ran for my parents and they came out to see the fading out and complete disappearance of these strange but wonderful objects."
"Driving, noticed glowing craft in sky. The craft/object was a large silver dial glowing white, with a bright red he in than center with a protruding blue cylinder.  Several people were driving, a few appeared to watch the massive object. ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to whether this report is intended as a serious-minded account of a sighting.  PD))"
"Triangluar with a spot light in front and red tail light with blue lights on sides.  Flying over Letchworth State Park, NY. On January 22, 2015, I was heading south on route 408 near mount Morris, NY.  It was a clear night. About 8.00pm. As I was driving, I looked up and seen like a street light up above the regular street lights.  It was heading in the same direction as I was.  When I pulled over and got out of my car it did a 380  ((sic.  180??)) degree turn and started heading back toward me. As it was coming back I started taking pictures with my cell.  It was triangular with a red tail light.  And it had blue lights on either side.  The white light appeared to be a flood light. There was no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 stationary lights forming a triangle which then joined and moved upward at a high rate of speed While driving back from an engagement (we were musicians) I noticed three stationary bright lights in the sky. These three lights appeared circular, were somewhat hazy and formed a triangle with the shape on top being the brightest. My best recollection is that it was yellowish and the two smaller objects were bluish and reddish. They were clearly too close to be planets or stars. I didn't mention what I was seeing to the driver and 2 other passengers in the back were sleeping. After a few minutes the driver, who had also been watching this event asked me what I thought it was. I acknowledged that I had been watching it and said I really had no idea. We both agreed that it was stationary and close. After a few minutes of watching this together and theorizing what we thought it could be, the bluish and reddish objects simultaneously each moved up, swung up above the yellow object and then appeared to either meet it or enter it. Immediately after this the yellow object headed up at a rate of speed that was stunning and disappeared. It left no trail of light of any kind. The driver and I expressed our amazement to each other, then woke the others to let them know what we had witnessed. They were doubtful but we were 100% sure that what we had seen seemed to defy any explanation we were capable of making. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Wednesday, June 21st, 2017.  \tOn the morning of June 19th, 2017, I was alone traveling north on highway 99W at 2:11 am outside of Adair Village, Oregon, which sits at an elevation of 328\u2019 above sea level north of Corvallis and noticed a large deep red glowing ball of light slowly rising in the eastern sky, gently swaying from side to side as it rose.  Relative to the moon, the light was small yet considerably larger than a star. \tI overserved the light as I passed by for approximately 20 seconds, until I drove further down the highway out of the line of sight from the light.  When I was safely able to do so, I pulled off the highway, and turned around, attempting to see if I could get another look at the light.  It was not present when I returned to the area where it was.  It clearly did not resemble any type of aircraft."
"Multi-colored group of flashing lights zig-zagged across sky I watched flashing lights moving up and down and zig-zagging across sky for about 45 minutes.  I saw a concentrated area of multi-colored flashing lights that would dim and appear brighter at times.   Eventually the group of lights diminished in size and disappeared in just a few seconds."
"Red lights over residential neighborhood I was driving along US Route 30 westbound with my mother headed to Walmart just after 8:15 pm. After passing the Greensburg/Mt.   Pleasant exit, I noticed a red light sitting stationary in the sky towards the left side of my windshield in the distance, which would put it over the South Greensburg area.  I told my mother if she noticed it, but she said no.  Soon after, as we approached the Cedar Street exit, she finally noticed it after taking another look, which actually appeared to be two red lights hovering stationary over a residential neighborhood.  The lights, which remained steadily lit the entire time, didn't appear to be close to each other nor did they move apart, which makes me wonder if it could've been a large craft hovering above the neighborhood.  We continued on our way towards the US Route 119 exit but didn't notice anything else as we continued heading west. This occurred within a one minute timeframe, although I had slowed considerably when I not! iced the lights in the vicinity of the Cedar Street exit.  A few minutes later, we noticed a helicopter flying towards the direction of the sighting although it appared to be a medical helicopter.  Traffic in this area was relatively steady, weather conditions were partly cloudy in the low 40s."
"High Orbit Flight of Several Objects Over Wisconsin a total of 4 objects in a high orbit.  These objects moved from east to west, west to east, changed direction very quickly at right angles to the initial flight patterns.  3 of the items stopped and created a triangle shape and held this shape for several minutes before resuming movement to the west.   These objects looked like stars in shape and were clearly far above international airspace (a Jet flying south was visible)."
"3 bright objects in the sky and one of them darted quickly upward for 45 minutes as if it were climbing higher and higher in the sky Murfreesboro Tennessee, 12:15 AM  My sister and I have been watching a small cluster of light darting around the sky for abt 45 minutes. It started low in the sky and now is straight above our heads.  It will sit still for about 30 or 40 seconds and then dart around 4 or 5 times cmbing a little higher in the sky."
"aprx 2 summera ago july: me n my g/f @the time i dont know were she is or how to get in contact with her on the beach of avalon nj about 1-2 am seen what seemed 2 b a huver craft comeing from shore 2 land craft was fair out the craft took aprx 7-10 min 2 get to shore when it did it went from shore heading in r direction it got closer to the piont were we got scared and felt the need to get out of its way i made my g-f run up the bumps in the sand to get to the street she froze until i screemed (move get up there now run) and she did we got 2 the street runing as fast as we could with me not leting go of her hand if not sqeezing it so hard it may have hurt her we stop to ketch are breath we look back and thats when we seen (it) i will not go into detail but @ that point i dont remeber n e thing but running so fast as i could squezzing her hand n not leting go of it it hurt me i couldnt breath right 4 2days im not a loser lookn for n e kind of hipe or n e thing of the sort if u seen n e thing that nite or summer please speekup im a lil 2 worried now please help me if you can ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright orange light hovering then moving silently over head over rt 72 in manheim towards lebanon pa My girlfriend and i were driving up 72 toward pennswoods motel and noticed some fireworks above and as i watched the firworks i noticed a orange light or fireball shaped object in the sky near the firworks  it was bright and not moving or flashing like an aircraft would be  so we pulled into the hotel lot and i noticed it was now moving over top of us and the motel at a good pace and was now able to listen and notice there was no sound at all  just this very strange bright orange light silently moving threw the night sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Very fast and erratic light seen in the sky around Troy, OH. My friend and I were finishing up a night of shooting the breeze and satellite watching. He looked up and said, \"What kind of airplane is that?\"  I looked and saw a flashing light about 60 degrees up and 15 degrees right of north. The light was a little brighter than the stars in the big dipper and pure white.  It would blink twice within a second and be dark for about 3 seconds. It was moving in a very quick and erratic way with no discernable pattern.  It seemed to be about the altitude of a commercial jet. It stayed in that general area of the sky for about 2 minutes then moved behind the neighbor\u2019s roof.  It came back into view on the other side of their roof 10 seconds later.  Where it blinked 3 more times and disappeared. Within 2 minutes more we saw it blink 3 more times and disappear, but now it was about due south.  Another minute later we saw it blink 2 more times back at its original NNW position.  We stayed out for another 45 minutes waiting for it to reappear, to no avail. I have worked for a commercial airline for 11 years; the other witness is an MBA with a large technology company.  We are both 31 years of age. No drugs or alcohol were involved in this observation and neither of us had ever seen anything like it."
"I was driving on route 127 towards Franklin from the Sanborton area. I was with 2 friends. We had just passed the damn, on our right was an opening and we saw a circular or disk shaped object in the sky, it was still in the sky with a , we watched it for about 7 to 10 seconds. \tWe then lost it because there was a line of trees in our was. So we turned around to go look at it again, I saw it in the sky and it was moving in the same direction that we were. This was back towards Sanborton. We followed it for about 4 or 5 seconds then lost it."
"Two lights in the sky that stopped and hovered above us before shooting off in different directions very fast. I just found this website, but my experience was a number of years ago. My friends and I were sitting on the roof of my apartment building in Charleston, playing guitar and chatting for about an hour when I leaned back against the roof and saw what I thought at the time were two shooting stars.  I said out loud to my friends, \"Oh my god guys, shooting stars..\"   About the time I got the words out of my mouth the lights stopped directly over us for what seemed like minutes, but was probably more like 30 seconds.  They lights had no sound and they just hovered above us. Soon after they stopped, both crafts shot off in different directions extremely fast in a zig zag way, before they disappeared from sight.  All of us just sat there in silence, kinda in disbelief.  Then, once we realized what we had just witnessed, we collected our stuff and went back inside.  I would think I was crazy if I didn't have so many other witnesses.  I kinda would like to know if a! nyone else in the area has reported this...."
"Bright light traveling low.  Looks like shape of Chinese lantern.   Very bright.   Tracke Print This Page Order Confirmation d Along airport and continued east moving slow. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Strange blue-green ball of light seen on I68 I was by myself driving down I-68E from Frostburg, and I was going over the Clarysville bridge, when I saw this ball of light fly through the sky. It's almost hard to describe because it was this blue-greenish color that I've never seen before and it was almost like the ball was pulsating to different colors. The speed of it was just incredible. It was only in my field of vision of the sky for about 10 seconds before it had completely crossed the sky, but it looked as though it was arcing across the sky, but then in the middle of the sky it looked like it almost - I honestly can't even think of a word to describe how it moved but the closest I can come up with is it instantaneously moved moved about an inch higher. I had pulled off to the side of the road because I was in wonder about what I had just seen because in all the years I've been looking at the night sky, I've never seen anything like it. I've seen comets and meteors falling, as well as I'm an amat! eur astronomer so I know what a tail to a comet or meteor would look like. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"UfO over Bronx. Light orb below clouds over bronx, close to grand concourse.  Thought it might be plane but was to low and motionless orb, that did not move.  Turned and then looked back it was no longer there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Went outside to look at the stars and noticed a cone shaped object low in the sky, which the streamers, it displayed immediately dissipated quickly.  It seemed like the cone shaped object had a material embodiiment  surrounding it.   As quickly as it came, it quickly disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"My wife and I witnessed a ufo in the west sky. A lady stopped her car and said she saw it.  The night before.   We watched for 20 minutes I took pictures on my phone. It was not a plane or helicopter  Never seen anything like it!"
"10-12 orange-red spheres seen hovering above Chimacum, WA, then instantly disappeared Driver and passenger were South on State Route 19 between Port Townsend and Chimacum,  WA, when they noticed 10-12 stationary and spread out red-orange balls in the sky.   Driver passed several other cars on the side of the road that were also pulled over to see the fireballs.  We followed road which took a bend and lost sight of them for 5-10 seconds.  When we came into a clearing where we could see the sky at the same angle they were 100% gone."
"((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information.  Possible sighting of a planet in the eastern sky?  PD))"
"\"Missile test\" my ((obscenity deleted)). Comet-like in appearance, however, the object was moving much, much slower than comet. I got about 15 - 20 seconds of view time before it disappeared from sight behind a mountain (as I was driving).   The object was extremely bright and seemed at high altitude, with a bright comet-like tail that seemed to produce light of its own.   Its slow movement betrayed its large bright trail. It appeared to be separating into multiple objects (looked like 3 of them) as it disappeared from my view.  I would imagine this (ufo) will be reported far and wide (at least through southern California.) I saw the mass reported \"missile test\" ufo last November from the same area, except - I must say, this one being altogether different in appearance, and heading in the opposite direction (east).  If that is a missile,  WTF kind of a missile is THAT?!..."
"Saturn-shaped object appearing over the Pennsylvania night sky in the fall of 1954 It was a crisp fall evening, and my parents and I were returning from a movie (the movie has since faded from memory, but the incident that would occur later has not, and it likely never will).  We pulled into the drive of the house in which we lived at the time, in the same way we always did. Soon we were on our way to the porch, headed for the front door, when I heard my mother exclaim \"Look, what's that in the sky over the neighbor's house?\".  My father, who was very fatigued, first scoffed at the notion, but then, as he was about to say something, he was cut short by awe, and fell silent for a moment.  A second later, I heard him murmur \"I don't know what that is...\"  I knew my father was not one to be surprised, so I took a look as well.  When I turned, I saw something that bewilders me to this day.  The object was shaped like the planet Saturn, however both the 'ring' and the sphere were one piece.  The peculiar craft spun in a jerky fashion, and the color was a soft luminous green, similar to that seen on glow-in-the-dark toys and LED clock screens.  The object came from the north, and was moving in a southward direction.  The craft made no discernible noise. We watched the craft for 3-4 minutes until it changed course, seemingly veering west, until it seemed to ascend and disappear from view.   After the incident, we went inside and we all discussed the bizarre occurrence for a few minutes, until my mother said \"it's bedtime\", which prompted me to go upstairs, where I drifted slowly to sleep.  Thus ends the odd affair, something I will not soon forget, and something that I hope can help prove what I know is true, the fact that there is life in this universe aside from our own. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We have assigned above an arbitrary date, which reflects \"fall of 1954.\"  PD))"
"Three orange lights hovering over trees, then slowly follow each other off into clouds; no sounds at all. Saw three orange objects hovering then slowly take off disappearing into the clouds.  Took a pic as is slowly left.  No sounds at all."
"Observed bright, rapidly flashing light, changing colors, direction and moving with unusual acceleration. I am a married, 44 year old college educated, business owner. I happened to wake up shortly after midnight and observed through a west-facing window, a very odd single bright rapidly-flashing white light in the distance above the trees.  At first the light appeared stationary, almost like a firework then it moved to the southeast.  The flashing was noticeably quick and in a pattern, not like a typical plane.   I woke up my husband who also saw the light through a south-facing window.  The color of the light changed from white to a brunt reddish color.   The light was moving at an unremarkable speed when it changed directions and accelerated upward to the northwest out of view.  The window was open but there was no sound associated with the activity. The acceleration of the light was uncharacteristic of any aircraft we have ever witnessed."
"I was driving south, headed home from dropping my significant other off at work at approximately 11pm on April 16, 2019.  While I was driving a bright flash caught my eye that I noticed with my peripheral vision through the driver side window.  This flash started going insane, going from almost invisible to almost moon bright in max 3 sec.   I decided to pull over and snap a picture before I could do so, the cluster of lights in round or disk figure brightened and then disappeared.   I watched the sky in shock when another brightening figure appeared, only this time there was a red glow that appeared on the center bottom of the disk like figure.  I don\u2019t know how I managed this, but I caught it on camera, one picture, one set of eyes, one crazy experience.  The photo is unedited and the only photo that was captured."
"Big gold lights revolving in a circular motion! Me, my mom, and my sister were on our way to eat..  when we looked up in the sky.. and we saw .. big gold lights revolving in a circular motion..  one minute they were there.. and the next, the disappered! there were peopl on the street by a BBQ place, and they were out there with cameras!"
"large objects flying over I-40 I had jus left work heading home & as I was getting on interstate 40e ext 103, I witnessed a large object almost the size of the four lanes flying just over the tree top....it had white lights on each side and a red light in the middle & was going about the speed of a hot air balloon?  As I got closer and could see the sky better I witnessed two more of the objects coming in from the opposite direction.  They all crossed paths over the 105 ext!  The craft I had been watching few s.e. over the tree tops til I lost site of it!   A lot of people were out that night....I just hope somebody else saw what I experienced that can maybe help explain what I seen."
"triangular shape over Georgetown, early 1980's I can't remember the exact year that I saw the craft, I do remember that I was at least 8 or 9 years old, so I'm guessing it was around 1981-82. I remember standing at the end of our driveway waiting on the school bus.  It was early, 6:30ish, I also remember that it was overcast outside, whether it was cloud cover or fog, I do not know.  The weather was mild, maybe spring or early fall. I remember looking up for some reason or other and seeing \"something\" in the sky hovering no more than a few feet over the trees.  It was almost like it was using the clouds or fog as a camouflage.  I never heard any sounds or felt any breeze or wind from any aircraft type vehicle.  The aircraft that I saw was shaped like a rounded triangle with red and blue lights, I can not remember if they were flashing or solid.  The color of the entire thing was silver, not like stainless, more of a brushed nickle color. Being that I was a young child at the time, I was terrified and ran back into my house to get my Grandmother.  By the time we got back outside so I could show her what I saw, it was gone. My mom's house is no where near any Air force bases or airports, so it couldn't be passed off as any type of experimental airplane. I haven't seen anything like that since that day.  Although my children have often told me of unusual things they see in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is unknown.  Source indicates both early '80's, and the early '90's.  We have applied an arbitrary date above.  PD))"
"Triangle shaped craft traveling in 'stealth' mode. This is my third sighting in five years and almost to the exact date of my first.  My first sighting is dated to 11/01/01 (reported here on this sight) and involved six spheres traveling over our heads in an off-set V formation, heading East (slightly South) direction.  Now these were a visual I cannot get out of my head.  They flew over my house approx. at 10:15pm with 2 witnesses. You could see the moon and clouds reflecting in each one of the spheres as they passed under and toward the (full-ish) moon, which gave off a pinkish/white color.  They had scattered lines all around each of them (like a ball of yarn) and no sounds.  I watched these fly away from us and then vanish as soon as they flew out from under the low cloud formation.  Size and distance I judged with...if you took a quarter and held it up above your head.  Very thought provoking sighting. My second sighting was on Tuesday 10/23/06 where on my same back deck around 8:30 pm, I viewed a light in the sky the was stationary, blinked bright white for three seconds, then went dark for 5 seconds, and then repeated this three times.  On the third time it went dark, it seemed to fade out.  Now I know what I saw wasn't a plane, or helocopter, star blinking, meteor, flare....etc.  It was interesting enough to watch for it again, but never saw it repeat. Now my third, which happened on Friday night/Saturday morning at 12:40am made my heart jump into my throat, and beat five time faster.  I viewed a single craft of the triangle nature slicing through the low clouds, right over my head. This craft was in what I would call 'stealth-mode' because you could not see the craft, but I could see the clouds rolling past the sides, and stearing the clouds behind it.  It traveled from the North, heading South very slowly, then banked toward the West after it passed over. I could not see it after that.  Personally, I was frozen with fear for about 20 seconds before I went inside.  It took me 2 hours to fall asleep that night, and I can still see it in my head.  I really believe I live in a 'pathway' or 'hot-spot' for these things and will keep on watching for them.  I have no pics or vids of any of these, wish I did."
"An airplane with no wings and no jet trail Was sitting on Mt. Hood with my buddy when we saw this shining bright object in the sky. It was bullet-shaped, long but not wide, and it looked high up but I couldn\u2019t tell for sure. I thought it was a plane at first, but it didn\u2019t seem to have any wings and there was no jet trail behind it. It curved through the sky smoothly, not pushed by the wind but going pretty fast, until it shrunk into a single spherical dot shining through the blue at us. Finally it was out of sight."
"UFO&quot;s caught by accident on cell phone while photographing an iridescent cloud formation As a passenger in my friend's car in the afternoon.  I saw a very cool looking iridescent cloud, so I took multiple pictures with my cell phone as we were driving.   We pulled over and I took more outside of the car.  I did not discover the UFO's in the pictures until I got home and viewed the photo's of the cloud.  There appeared to be  sliver cigar shaped ones that split into a red one and a blue one, they stayed stationary then split into several again.  They also appeared to instantly move to the opposite sides of cloud.   It was pretty exciting. I posted them on you tube and circled them in red, stop the slide show and zoom in to get a close look.   Go to YouTube Newbury, VT, UFO's caught by accident. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright white light in circle shape over ware mass. We saw one bright light it did not move for thirty min. Then it disappeared we took video and the camera saw what we saw.   When we took camera pictures the camera saw more then what we saw with the naked eye many lights we can not explain that looked really creepy.   We used an I phone to capture our shots.   I've seen this thing two other times with in a three month span."
"It appeared to be an aircraft until I noticed that it stayed in one area for a long time (20min).  It frequently appeared and reappeared but always around the same area.  Sometimes it appeared to be making circles and the light would stay on.  Sometimes the light would be bright and prolonged and other times it would be faint and brief. It followed a very odd path.   I live close to an airport and a military base so I am used to seeing planes and helos.  If this is a helo, it can reach some pretty amazing altitude."
"A small amber colored light in the trees across a large draw in the mountains above Wallace, ID. My little brother, best friend, and I were on a routine camping trip to the mountains above Wallace, ID one summer in July back in 2006.  We have camped at this location, an abandoned mine shaft, many times over several years.  We used to spend entire weekends up here and around most of the mountains in the silver valley exploring old buildings, mines, and hiking into the forest to find untouched ruins. After a day of exploration we settled at the campsite which is a large flat area out of a steep hillside created by the removal of waste rock from the adjacent mine shaft.  It has a view and we have traditionally shot clays over the edge because of the drastic drop off.  So we had a campfire, beers, dinner, music and just waiting for the stars to shine for a few hours.   Around 10pm or so, it is almost completely dark and I noticed a light glowing on the hillside across the valley or draw.   It was small but bright and amber in color.  It appeared to be near the ground or in the trees.  It did not light up the ground or the trees, it did not move, it made no sound.   We sat and reasoned about what it could be.  I am very familiar with the area and there are no roads or even trails on that side of the valley.  The hillside is quite steep with tall trees and loose talus, making a camp spot unlikely.  I also think we would have noticed people over there during the daylight. I tried to get a closer look with a rifle scope but my scope was not strong enough.  I did not shoot at the light for fear it was people or something more dangerous.  My brother, friend, and I were very spooked and decided to retire to the tent and sleep with our small arms for the illusion of safety. I woke up early before sunrise to pee and the light was gone. The next day, there was no trace of anything across the draw. We discussed the situation for hours the next day with no decent explanation. I will try to find a picture of the area where the light was seen, again, we have been to this spot at least 10 times over the years. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I watched for 2 mins.  It hovered over Lake Royal, then slowly move to the N and disappeared over the trees.  My heart is still racing."
"Very bright light shooting accross sky. LARGE Very bright, large ball of light in the sky traveling extremely fast.   Seen by three of the four people in our car for about two or three seconds.   Was completely illuminated and either very large or very close. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright Blue-green object silently flies very fast across sky near Orange Park FL We were standing on our patio between 21:15-21:30 last night.  We saw a blue-green moving across the sky from east southeast to west southwest.  The sky was clear.  There were 2 airplanes visible in the sky at the time, which is normal, since we live close to NAS-JAX. The object looked very similar to a bright star, but slightly larger and brighter.  It did not blink and did not appear to twinkle at all.  It was larger and brighter than any stars visible at the time.  I would estimate that from our point of view, it appeared similar in size and brightness to the north star.  We did not hear any sound.   It moved very quickly but did appear to slow down for a few seconds one time before resuming its previous speed.  The object stayed on the same path making no turns for the full time it was in view.  We were able to see the object very clearly from the time it appeared on the horizon to our east all the way through its path to the western horizon, until it became too faint in the distance. We have a lot of military and civilian aircraft traffic in our area and are very aware of how they behave in the sky.  Any aircraft that was close enough for its lights to appear this size and brightness would have been very easy to hear.  The speed of the object could not be matched by any of the fighter jets that we commonly see.  Any aircraft capable of this speed would not have been silent if it were flying low enough, and close enough, to appear this size in she night sky.  There were no additional lights as would be expected on a plane or helicopter either.  An object with this speed and brightness flying high enough to be inaudible would have to be absolutely massive. I thought it may have been the International Space Station but that was supposedly only visible during a 2 minute window over 2 hrs. before this sighting and would have been moving in the opposite direction according to the NASA website."
"From stone ranch elementary school towards west in sky. Changed from a spot of bright white light into a blue fog and a big neon circle. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"Light moving across sky and then dissipates and disapears within 15-20 seconds. I have been living in Chico since 1977.  In 1987 I was laying in a field of grass and looking up at the sky and it was evening about 11pm.  I noticed a small light moving among the stars.  The light moved in every direction impossibly.  It moved in circles and up and down and side-ways and it made no sound. It looked like a star or satellite but like I said it moved im-possibly. It did not move across the entire sky as it only covered a little space in the sky.  It continued for a few minutes and then dissipated. It was soon out of my vi-sion.  This has happened 10 times in my life the recent being In February this year 2014 seeing 6 lights within a two week period and one night seeing 2.  It always happened at nightmore frequently around 7pm. I was in upper Bidwell park. 1 light was more orange than the usual yellow/white star looking light.  There was never any sound.  Some moved irratically and dissipated quickly while others moved straight and very fast and dissipated (at least 1000mph based on time and distance travelled) or turned slightly and dissipated. It felt as if when I noticed them is when they dissapeared.  There is an airport near where I have seen most of these lights.  I have been walking at night in the park for years and am very aware of all of the different air traffic including satellites.  No other craft like airplanes or other lights followed the lights.  1 time one of the lights turned from white to orange as it dissipated"
"small, silver ball with red light/glow low altitude While descending into Phoenix, AZ on a clear, bright morning, I saw something that I'll never forget.  We had descended to at a relatively low altitude, maybe 6,000ft or less.  I was enjoying the view from my window when I saw something fly by my window in the opposite direction.  At the same time, I heard a woman gasp a few rows ahead of me which led me to believe I wasn\u2019t the only one to witness this strange object.  The object was small (beach ball size), silver/chrome, round and had a red light or glow to it.  It was within 40 feet of the plane, above the wing on the left side (or right side from my perspective). Once we landed in Phoenix, I had intended to ask the pilots if they had seen anything strange but when I got to the exit, the pilots were already gone which I found very peculiar. As an avid world traveler, I have literally been on hundreds of flights all over the world.   Everything from a 13 seat Otter to a Boeing 747 and I have never seen anything like to what I saw that February day."
"Another sighting of star like craft in Lake Wales, FL Ufo Report \u2013 Sunday 4/29/13 \u2013 8:50 PM Lake Wales, FL   This is my second sighting within the last few days and being a person who regularly watches the sky I\u2019m a bit puzzled at what I\u2019ve been witnessing.  Last night at around 8:40 PM my wife and I went out back to get some fresh air and look at the stars.  We live in an area of Florida that has little light pollution compared with some of the larger cities in the state.  As we looked up we began to discuss the object we\u2019d seen a couple of nights before when to our surprise we began to see something similar coming toward us.  This object was similar to the first in that it was as bright as the brightest stars we could see and it had no flashing lights at all. I grabbed a pair of small Bushnell binoculars that I keep outside for spotting aircraft and quickly picked up the moving object.  This time it was heading in a trajectory that would take it directly overhead so my wife and I watched in amazement as this silent speeding object glided far overhead.  I\u2019m a bad judge of altitude however I got the sense that it wasn\u2019t something that was in orbit rather it was flying perhaps at several thousand feet??  As I mentioned before it was completely silent and kept a steady path.  It took it perhaps twenty to thirty seconds to traverse the sky and maintained the same level of brightness the entire time we observed it. This time it did not fade out as it did the night we saw it last. We watched it until it was beyond our field of view.  It came directly over us whereas the night before we\u2019d seen it at an angle.  I was not able to make out anything other than the bright white light it gave off.  No other visible details were picked up by myself or my wife. I\u2019ll be outside again tonight hoping to see it again and this time I will have my video camera. Thanks for what you do!"
"Big Bright Traingular Shaped Light over the skies of North Topsail Beach, NC Me and my husband were vacationing at a resort in North Topsail, NC, 9/5/09 thru 9/12/09.  Almost every single night around 9:00 pm all through the night this bright light shaped like a triangle appeared.  I used my binoculars to get a good look at it, it was just to bright to really see in thing specific other than it\u2019s shape.  I asked locals about it and they had not really even noticed it\u2026.well they are now.  Curiosity has set in.  Hope someone finds the answer."
"BRIGHT white, circular, hovering light, surrounded by smaller lights Driving down Penn Ave., between 206 and 220, saw a circular, BRIGHT light.  The bright light was surrounded by other smaller lights.   The white light was very large and had about the intensity of a halogen or LED lightbulb.  The smaller lights were red and green.   I know planes have red and green lights, but there were multiple on this thing.  The strangest part was, it was completely still and simply hovered way above the power lines.   Strangest thing I've seen in my life."
"Driving home from work late that night.  Coming down Hwy 29 from LaGrange heading into Hogansville, and I clearly saw a light streak from the sky down to behind the treeline in the distance.  It was quick, but not moving quite as fast as a shooting star would, I've seen those many times in my life."
"they did not burn up as normal and were a much more greenish color of light then a meteor"
"Red, orange, yellow silent object hovering and flying in the sky then disappearing. It was strange.  They changed color.   All of a sudden they just hovered in the sky coming out as a bright red the farther away they went their color faded to yellow.   We followed them till they disappeared right over our head.   Too fast to be something small.   Seemed very large, no sound.   It was pure silence out in the woods.   They appeared from the woods.   Not an animal made a sound no crickets.  Just silence."
"My girlfriend and I were relaxing on the bay looking east towards the eastern shore when what seemed to come straight out of the water a red flare begins to rise steady upward at a rate of speed much faster then any other objects in the sky I.e. the planes in the distance  anyways we watched it keep going up till it passed through one cloud my gf thought it disappeared then a couple of seconds later reappeared heading on the same coarse straight up for maybe 15 to 20 more seconds then the red ball eventually disappeared  The entire event lasted no more then 1 minute. After it was gone we notice the vapor trail from it passing through the clouds . I am very confused and would like to think it is just a serimonlly candle balloon but I doubt it."
"Red lights seen over gulf of mexico  from ST. George Island. My friend and I were sitting on a deck in a beach house in ST. George Island looking out into the sky. We were looking at Venus when we saw 5 strange red sphereical lights appeared horizontly in the sky. Within a few seconds three went to the east, two went to the west away from each other...they dissapeared. Then within a few minutes the came back and did the same thing again. Then within 10 minutes later, close to the horizon, much further out in the gulf, the red lights appeared again then vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness, who elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD))"
"first I saw a meteorite, immediately after noticed a bright light in the sky.  at first I thought it was the moon because of how bright it was,so bright it reflected off of the ocean water.  I knew it was not the moon because it began to move, while still moving through the sky I noticed the light went out.  then the craft came towards us, as it got closer, I could make out three dim lights on the bottom of the triangular shape with no distinct wings or features. we could at this point tell it was not an aircraft or drone.  as the craft flew past I could hear a quiet hum. the craft was about the size of a small fighter plane. then it flew off into the distance."
"Very bright \"Spotlight\" like light & 2 very dim lights. Its a very cold and windy night tonight. Temperatures will reach below 30 degrees.  As I was checking to make sure the tarp didn't fly off our truck bed, I spotted a VERY bright light just over the trees.  Light was very similar to a spotlight & moved around like one so I assumed it may have been a low flying helicopter.  I noticed it was not accompanied by any sound nor did it have any blinking lights like normal aircrafts.  It was ENTIRELY too low to be a star.  After starring non-stop at the light for about 10-15 seconds, it disappeared. I continued to watch for anything moving and thats when I saw 2 very dim lights moving very slowly in opposite directions, but directly alined with each other.  These lights appeared to be very far away, not as far as the stars, but further aways then the very bright light I initially spotted. As they got further & further apart, I lost them.  I didn't see anything after that, but a few airplanes (which I knew were regular aircrafts), but I know that the lights could not have been normal aircrafts."
"green light in the sky, Houston, Tx At approximately 9:00pm on Friday night, I was coming from McDonald's.  I'd just driven onto highway 6.  I had my headphones on listening to a news show.   I looked up into the sky and noticed a large airplane going across the sky.  All of a sudden a very bright lime green light appears out of nowhere.  The light shoots down toward the plane very fast (like a shooting star).   Then, just before it gets to the plane, it just goes out.  I then pull into the middle of the yellow area of the highway. I saw out loud \" Did anyone else see that s***.\"  I look around and no one is around me.  All the other cars are at the light.  I'm just sitting there thinking \" I can't believe I was allowed to see that.   I felt very privileged and excited."
"Bright white ball of light 8/6/2012 23:30 camping between Mt. Saint Helens and Mt. Adams.  We saw a large bright white ball moving to the north very slow, no sound, no blinking lights.  The object made a 90 degree turn east and increased speed.   After being obscured by trees, two jets came, one from the north, one from south west.   At day light we heard a large helicopter, too low to see because of the trees.  The object was the size of a grape held at arm's length."
"Verifying the 1967 UFO landing at a Miami elementary school yard. I did not witness this myself but remember it as the strangest event ever in Miami.  This was a highly populated area that the sighting centered on.  Mainly, an elementary school was closed because of UFOs!   It was in the papers, ie, Miami Herald and the Miami News.  The entire school witnessed this event, including teachers and administrators est at 700 people.   Why this concerns me is that I had an Uncle that lived on Opa Locka Blvd at that time.  He could not get home for lunch from work via his normal route because the roads were blocked and detours were set up.  He saw something but would never talk about it to me.  All that he may have talked to have since passed.   The way I remember what happened is that the UFO actually landed.  How in the world could this happen in a populated, modern country and it is all but forgotten?  Just out of curiosity I looked up the date to see if anything was in your records.  Well, I just about fell out of my chair when I read the account of the witness asking if any one saw what he saw and wondering if he really saw it.   My God, how many more of these events have happened and time has just swept them too under a rug. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  We, too, wonder how many unreported sightings have occurred.  I estimate that of 10,000-20,000 sightings of genuine UFO's that have occurred, only one, or so, of the witnesses have ever thought to write down a description of the event.  PD))"
"Short cigar shaped object with rays of light eminating from one end; stayed in the sky for 2 hrs+. Initially this was a white light that emitted periodic white starburst-like rays that stayed fairly close to the center point of light. It would periodically move in a jerky manner and then stay completely stationery for a while. When the object came closer it appeared to be a stubby cigar-shaped tube and continued to emit light rays periodically from a central light point. At one time, for about 20, minutes a central point of light would appear (like a stamen on a flower) and the object would rotate around as though it were a satellite dish scanning the area below it. I went and got a neighbor to see it so I could be sure I wasn\u2019t losing my mind or something. He didn\u2019t know what to make of it but didn\u2019t really seem to care and went back inside. I sat in my truck bed, realizing it was not a man-made object, and opened my arms wide and tried to mentally will it to come to me (if this makes any sense). To my amazement, it moved almost directly overhead and mov! ed closer, at which point I could no longer see the object but only the radiating light. It came closer to me and became like a cat or fox\u2019s face with the light rays being like whiskers or something. It would come closer, actually very close, and immediately recede if I moved arms or blinked, as though it were tentative or shy. It seemed to prefer it when I crossed my arms over my chest rather than spread them wide. After ~15 or 20 minutes of this the cat\u2019s face transformed slowly into almost the classical \u201calien\u2019s face\u201d. Then it seemed as though I was looking down the wrong end of a telescope; everything became dark around the outside and a narrowing circle of light was at the end with a being at the center who became increasingly wrinkled as the circle closed. I felt almost paralyzed but really started to freak out so I waved my arms and the whole thing retreated immediately. It then came closer and retreated but with the \u201calien face,\u201d not the cat\u2019s face. I watched this f! or probably 30 minutes and then figured that while this was a ! unique a nd weird thing going on there was no point in watching it any more and went inside to go to bed. I did look out the door a few times and the thing stayed around for maybe 10 minutes and then was gone. I know this makes me sound like a whack job or something, but I\u2019m generally a very skeptical person and have multiple science degrees. So there it is. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Reverse wing craft moving very fast down the coast with no lights, noise, or contrail. The time of the event was approximately 2100 hours on Friday October 21 2011.  The writer of this report has 2 BS and 2 MS degrees and a military background.  The writer is also 40 years old and has never saw or reported a UFO event in the past.  This is my first real experience.  I do have a background in science so I do believe that there is other life in our vast universe but until this event I had never really given real credence to intelligent life being here on earth. The evening in Monterey, CA was very nice at around 60 degrees and very clear.  We were celebrating the birthday party of my 12 year old daughter and decided to take all the helium filled balloons outside and release them for good luck.  The whole party included 3 adults, including myself, and 12 children with the average age being 12.  We were all looking up and watching the balloons go up when I noticed the object streaking across the sky.  I pointed at it and said out loud \u201cdoes everyone see that thing.\u201d  We all did except for one of the little girls.  We followed it until it was gone and then we all were sort of dumbfounded as to what it was.  On any other evening we would not even have been looking up but because we were watching the balloons we just happened to be looking up at the night sky. The two other adults, one of which is my wife, were really sort of at a loss as to what to tell the children other than we did not know for sure what it was.  There were also some shooting stars and an actual airplane so we were able to judge that it was not anything conventional that we were aware of.  It was moving from north to south and because we are on the coast I believe that it was using the coast line to navigate in a southerly direction.  The speed was very vast coming in from north and only staying in view for approximately 15 seconds at an angle of about 120 degrees, almost horizon to horizon. The object looked industrial or what I would say on earth as manufactured and not like a rock or some other type of object.  It had sort of an airplane shape but the wings were in the reverse chevron direction.  It had no sort of tail wins but there was a nose with a bit of a cone shape.  It was moving very fast with no sound at all.  There were no lights on the object so it was not a plane.  It sort of looked clear as if you could see through it but I believe that we were seeing the reflection of the city lights on the bottom of the craft.  At the same time there was a human airplane flying higher than the observed craft flying perpendicular to the UFO.  There were also several shooting stars so we were able to determine that it was not any of these things.  And because we had released the balloons for the party we could see depth to the space between us the balloons and the real airplane and the unidentified craft was sort of in the middle space flying across.  The speed ! was nothing I had ever seen in all my time in the military or observing other aircraft including military aircraft.  And it was also in an absolute straight line trajectory.  It was not threatening or anything like that but rather peaceful in its movement.  This experience has changed all that I believe about what is among us. I can not rule out the fact that this could have been some type of experimental aircraft.  I do live in an area that is in close enough proximity to military bases that work and do research on military operations that it is conceivable that it could have been an experiment.  That being said it is still out of my realm of understanding of physics and science to totally let this one go as the speed and lack of sound of the object did not fit into the conventional paradigm of conventional thinking on my part.  There was no streaking or any type of contrail and there were other examples in the background to go off of.  I have also observed satellites in the sky and this was larger than that and also moved faster.  It also did not seem to have any noticeable propulsion system as it trailed off.  We did not see any fire or thrust. This was definitely not anything that I have ever observed before. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone at length with this witness, and he seemed to us to be unusually eloquent and objective in his description of the object.  We suspect that he is an exceptionally good witness.  PD))"
"Seen 6 objects that were orange in color round in shape, all in a line looked like they were on a string all coming out of the west moving slow moving south east, never seen anything like it I got my wife outside and she seen them too, the objects were following each other look like a \"string of pearls.\" I'm 50 years old and seen alot of planes in the skies  these were weird did anyone else see these? They were brite thanks for reading."
"Blue and red light traveling rapidly above Orlando. 3 of us were on a balcony in a high rise downtown and saw a blue and bright light rapidly traveling in and out of clouds, miles away.   The lights began moving up and down at an incredible speed, then seemed as if it touched the ground far away.   All of a sudden we all saw a bright red light now more than 1,000 feet in front of us and it all ended.   Really bizarre. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Just very bright light then red then blue then green moving unlike any normal Craft in right angles then gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Greenish blue ball of light flys over Wlfd, CT , 3rd time this month 30-40 min duration This is my 3rd sighting of craft in same location,this Month. Its an unknown light greenish blue in color, i have astronomy bonoculars and zoomed into it , couldnt make out a definate shape just the emitting light, duration was around 40 minutes, before descending below the tree line, i am an amateur astronomer so please dont say this is sirius, the object seems to follow the same path as jupiter going south west, i do have pictures this time from my android but not as clear as i would like them, now there were 3 sattelite flyovers a little earlier and around 7 pm is but those only last 1-3 minutes, please contact me back, if you have any idea what this is?"
"In the northern sky just west of the Big Dipper constellation over Taos Mountain on Taos Pueblo.  I noticed it because it looked star like but seemed flattened on the edges/sides.  The light was not uniform.  It hovered and moved left and then right several times over the three minute period.  And, the lights on the bottom seemed to radiate out.  Not a spotlight but definitely lights.  Then it  slowly faded out.  Three minutes and a few seconds of viewing."
"Sighting during 1995 US Army contingent during United Nations Mission in Haiti This is the first of two incidents that I can tell you folks about, this event occurred during the summer and into the fall of 1995, when I was in the US Army assigned to the United Nations Mission in Haiti. When I was in the US Army, I was assigned to the 1st Squadron, 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment S-2 and along with other soldiers in the various S shops worked the Tactical Operations Center (TOC), with rotating shifts working one of three shifts: morning shift (0600 to 1400), evening shift (1400 to 2200), and night shift (2200 to 0600). One night (I think it was in August \u201995), while working my rotation on night shift, as people often do, I had to use the bathroom which consisted of a porta-potty a minutes\u2019 walk from the TOC.  Now, as I was in there doing my business, I was looking out of a small  window in the top of the plastic wall of the porta-potty, which was missing the plastic mesh that was supposed to keep bugs out, I notice odd lights in the sky.  The lights consisted of four diamond shaped lights parallel to the horizon, two on the top and two on the bottom.  The two on the bottom were spaced farther apart than the two on top, they didn\u2019t change, although the colors seemed to, and which is I think what caught my attention initially.  I wondered what the hell these lights were as I finished my business and looked at them as I made my way back to the TOC to resume my station at the S2 section of the TOC. Later that night, of course, I had another trip to the latrine, and still the lights were there.  All that night I noticed them, with one of the times I was watching them with another soldier as I told him of them, I suddenly thought to lay down to eliminate me moving inadvertently as I stood there watching them, and I noticed a few other things.  They were not stationary in the sky; they seemed to me to move very quickly around what seemed to me in the sky a specific point.  And the other thing I noticed after the soldier I was with saw it for himself; he found another one on the horizon.  After I looked at it, I returned my gaze to the one I had been looking at all night, and I noticed another one to my left on the horizon. I thought of it then as the one I first saw being 0 degrees, with the one my fellow soldier saw being 90 degrees to the right, and the second one I saw opposite the one he found being 270 degrees.  For shits and giggles I assumed there must be one at 180 degrees and sure enough it was there.  They all had the same four lights in the same configuration, with colors changing that if you were looking at them for a time you would notice, but not if you just glimpsed at them.  And they all moved jerkily in the sky like the first one did around a fixed point in the sky.  I watched it a few moments, then got up and went back into the TOC. They weren\u2019t there the next night, but I noticed them there every couple of nights, with one night something else occurred to me: that they seemed to be trying to imitate what the stars in the sky look like at night (especially with how the colors of the lights worked), and that made me think of a sort of observation post (actually, cover and concealment is what occurred to me) to watch us while not being an apparent threat by being part of the back drop of the night sky.  I noticed them for a few more weeks, but by the end of October 1995, I didn\u2019t see them anymore. I have seen them since, but very seldom, and only one group in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"3 big round/ovalshaped balls of light, magnitude -4 aprox., hanging still in a triangle formation 25-30\u00b0 above the western horizon Yesterday evening (Thursday 06 September 2007) around 20h25 I was travelling alone by train from Leuven to Mechelen (Belgium) reading the newspaper. When I looked up I dropped my paper cause I saw suddenly 3 balls of light hanging still in the air in a wide triangle-form. My first thought was it was maybe a reflection of my window, but it definitely kept hanging there on the same spot and when a rising cloudformation covered 2 of the 3 objects after 3 minutes of watching it out of my train window, it ruled out the possibility of being a window reflection.  It appeared like they were reflecting sunlight though because they were hanging in the late-evening western part of the sky, and looked orange/yellowish. They appeared to have a round form but rather oval, it\u2019s hard to say, but they definitely didn\u2019t appear to be pointy like a star. Furthermore, the light didn\u2019t appear to be coming from a concentrated spot like you have with the flare of a plane or a planet/star, they looked like bright \u2018ink\u2019spots in the air, so they should have been really big.  I believe they were hanging 25 to 30 degrees above the western horizon and I could look at them for at least 3-4 minutes! Then a cloud covered the bottom 2, which formed the basis of the triangle you could say, and only the upper one was visible. The train then made a curve and I lost them out of sight. Later in the car I pulled over a few times to have a look when I was outside the city, but that cloud had risen so they were just gone or behind the cloud but I haven\u2019t seen them after.  I estimate they had the magnitude of Venus at its brightest, magnitude -4, but it was like there were 3 wide (no-pointlike/starlike form but broader in shape) Venuses hanging in the sky exactly in a wide triangle form, on a great distance I guess cause a cloud at the horizon covered 2 of them.  I \u2018ve seen all kinds of phenomena and have been a member of an observatory/amateurastronomer for 8 years (not anymore now) so I know basis meteorological and astronomical phenomena. I have watched the skies for so many hours and nights and seen a lot, from magnificent fireballs and meteors to satellites and iridium flashes, but nothing that was unexplainable. Never ever I saw something as yet uncomprehensible like this. If it was there, there should have been lots of people who saw it cause it was bright and clear., I don\u2019t understand it hasn\u2019t been on the news yet.  Thanks in advance for reading"
"Facing east on sandy beach.  Three bright lights flying in triangle formation drifted across the sky above the damn flying south to north.   The Objects then took up speed & disappeared into the night sky, followed by four more that were in no particular pattern. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Approx. 4 seconds, a bright thick streak of light in sky & is low.  bottom tip explodes bright white light & bits burst out & then gone. Approx. 4 seconds of a bright thick streak of light over the sky & pretty low.  Then suddenly the bottom tip explodes a bright  white light & you can see bits burst out then in a second nothing at all.. everything was completely gone... an amazing & almost creepy thing to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Multiple, fire Orange cigar shapes, moving slow and low. Large. Watching fireworks 10:30 pm.  When a low flying orange light came directly over head. Cigar or tube shape.  Moving slowly.  Followed by another one 30 sec. later. 5 min. later they reappeared.  Then about 5 min. later, they appeared again. Fireworks stopped.  They did not come back."
"Small light darting across sky NW of the moon. Went outside for a smoke break. Looking at the moon and noticed a small light moving quickly going NW.   The light curved north and changed directions going west when it started becoming smaller or higher into the sky.  From there the light started fading until we couldn't see it any longer.   The light made no sound as it traveled across the sky and it wasn't an Air Force jet because they are never silent."
"Three lights, blinking in sequential order, Consistent disctance between lights, in a straight line. Between 6:15 to about 6:23  I left my office at around 6:10 PM.  I am about 3 miles from home.  As I was driving down the main street I notice three lights in the sky in a straight line. The sky is typical heavy traffic area for planes heading to the St. Louis Airport, which is approximately 27 miles east of this occurrence. What caught my eye was these lights were spread apart quite a bit, but consistent in distance and they were in a straight line and blinking in sequential order (1-2-3, etc.)  I thought that perhaps that what I was seeing was a tower of some sort that I didn\u2019t notice before because it would be abnormal to see places flying in this formation.  Plus, these planes were not headed towards the airport, nor were they, from my position; coming from the direction of the main airport.  That\u2019s why I thought they could be tower lights that warn low flying planes at night. But, that was not the case. As I continued down the main road (which is a busy road) I stretched to see them out my front and passenger window.  I don\u2019t ever recall seeing lights like this as a steady fixture, so I was trying to think of what it could be.  Once I lost sight of the lights, since they were in my blind spot, I continued on and entered into my neighborhood.  Once I am in my neighborhood I have to back track towards where I came from to get to my house.  That\u2019s when I saw the lights again.  It was clear that it was not a tower as they appeared to be moving west. I ran in the house, asked my husband to go outside in the back yard and tell me what that is in the sky.  I didn\u2019t even turn off my car or park it in the garage as I wanted him to see this and explain what it was that I was seeing before it was out of our sight line.  He is a 23-year military veteran and very familiar with various military air craft.   Looking through the bare trees in our yard, he said he didn\u2019t know, but was sure that military planes wouldn\u2019t fly in such as straight line with lights that blinked sequentially.  I went in and grabbed the camera and went out front of the house to see if I could get a better view.  A house was blocking the view, so we got in the car.  We figured we could get to an open space and at least be able to get a better view. Both of us thought to head west as that\u2019s where it seem to be going towards, and we were going down a road that had  a wide open view of the sky.  We should have at least been able to see the object in the distance, but we drove a few miles and saw nothing but the normal air traffic that is common. This was in a busy area, so I think that my husband and I can't be the only one to see this!  IF there is a logical explanation, it would be nice to know what that was flying over Missouri."
"Multiple fast moving fire lights at different intervals on same vector disappearing at same spot. Saw one fireball at around 10K to 15K feet moving fast to the south and then 5 - 10 minutes later saw 3 more inline and heading same vector as the first. All disappeared like they burned out. A fifth appeared and did the same. They were very high - moving fast!  There was no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Stingray like glide ghost. On 1/13/2012 just about an hour ago from this post my mother and I saw a weird stingray but big, cloudy blueish object glide past her windshield of the vehicle.  My son and his friend were in backseat but dis not see anything.   I thought I was seeing things because I knew it was no bird, plastic bag or anything.  Temperture right now is 6 degrees no bird wld be flyimg in this. It came from the elementry schools direction NW and flew across with fluid ease & gone.   I said,  \"What was that?\"  My mother said, \"You saw it too, it looked like a stingray ghost!\"    We were in a residential area around the corner from the house so I IMMEDIATELY began to google and found this sight & hope to get answers.   Whatever it was seemed perfectfully harmless & seemed to fly across at the perfect moment to be seen.  I hope to find more people who have seen this."
"Looking west of Clinton single lights in row formation (8-10) showing. Flying up evenly spaced. Once one would disappear into the sky and new light would appear below.  This took place for roughly 20 min. A ll stars were out, clear sky\u2019s no clouds."
"Red round object moving north to south east.  looked like flames shooting out of top and bottom.  Sometimes the flames would move to front an rear of object"
"Single orange orb spotted in Huntington Beach, CA. I pulled into my drive way and noticed a single orange orb in the northern sky.  I initially thought it was Mars.  I got out of my car to take a closer look and noticed it was moving slowly from north to south then turn to south-west.  The object was larger than typical stars and comparable to venus on a clear night.  The orange orb did not have any blinking lights and did not make a sound.  Either the light disappeared or went behind the clouds.  The phenomenon lasted approximately 5 minutes.   Land marks in my view for reference were my power lines in my back yard.  This is how I know it was moving and turning.  It did not make any abrupt turns or change speeds."
"A saucer shape object appeared in the air a few hundred yards away and went downwards behind the trees. Driving down 1 26 on the way to open mic in Asheville drivin by Brevard road exit at sunset also looking at the clock noticing it was 8:30 after the event had happened, The benefit of mr kite was playing, and when witness 1 saw something a saucer shaped object with I would say neon lights almost too bright to see, it hovered for a little while and then went diagonally down behind the trees it seemed really close but it was hard to tell it could have been 200 yards or it could have been far away. Witness 1  at first said to witness 2 while drivin in the car, \"Hey, that doesn\u2019t look like a normal kind of plane does it?\" We both agreed it looked like the stereotypical UFO."
"Sightings of object in Bay City, Texas We were at our deer camp and we heard a noise and I just said that it was a jet. But it was loud.  My husband went outside and said come here and look. It was way lower than an airplane would fly, but dark where we could only see the lights, Was very very wide. It moved kind of slow.  The next day we tried to call the B.C. Airport to see what it might have been or if they knew anything about it.  No one answered.  So we blew it off.  Now that everyone is seeing things like what we have seen sort of, I decided to inform you.  I don't think it is a UFO, I seem to think this is a govenment thing.  I guess we will never know.  The lights were white.  We have been puzzled ever since and wondering.   We left alone, because we did not want people to think we were crazy..."
"Saw a bright green superbollide meteor, visible during twilight.  Green. Saw a bright green superbollide, visible during twilight."
"Triple LIghts in Ursa Major, probably the Triple Naval satellites. I have seen this several times at well at star parties in Wyoming.  In fact they are listed on satellite orbit sites, like Heaven's Above. It is called the Navy Trio.  It is group of satellites that do interferometry on naval vessels.  An interesting object, but not UFO's from another world. ROLLA, MO, 20:50 HRS. ON MONDAY, APRIL 16, 2007  A husband and wife witness a peculiar pair of \"triplet\" lights pass from west to east.  Husband is an experienced astronomer, and provides this illustration of their sighting.   Full Report"
"a band of dim light moving across sky. Stepped outside apartment complex to smoke a cigg.  Looked up into sky and saw a circle of dim whitish light shoot across the sky.  It looks like what be considered a band around an object."
"Pulsating light over the Chipotle Plaza started white and pulsated into a reddish yellow color lasting 3-4 secs and 2 secs in between. Pulsating light over the Chipotle Plaza started white and pulsated into a reddish yellow color. There were 3 total pulsations with 2 seconds in between each, and looked like it was coming from  behind chipotle but overhead. Each flash lasted about 3-4 seconds, too long for a lightening flash. We checked the forecast and there was no radar evidence of storms. It was 27 degrees so lightening is unlikely. The observers were 3 females and 2 males all walking into the plaza at the same time. 2 were still in a car facing the plaza. The other group commented on the light and that\u2019s how my group noticed it wasn\u2019t just us who seen it."
"small bright star like object hovering in the sky i was standing at the backdoor of my house. the sky was clear with no clouds. there were 3 aeroplanes in the sky at the time. when i noticed a small bright object moving slowly in the sky it stopped moving above my house and stayed there for approx 10 mins with no sound and i could see it was rotating because the sun was catching it. then it slowly moved away then dissapeared. it was not a aeroplane or helicopter as i see them flying over everyday. this is the second time i have seen the object in the space of 4 months. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"4 flashing white lights in linear stable totally silent  formation 4 degrees above horizon cruising between Clarksville and Paris,Ar. 4 flashing white lights, 1 second interval, 1 degree apart in straight line formation, tight and precise, 4 degrees above  horizon, first spotted in NE near Clarksville headed southerly direction at a leisurely  speed normal for cruising helicopters.  They changed direction when due east then headed west towards me while getting brighter, with no apparent change in relative  positions to each other, and most notably, absolutely no sound whatsoever which would  be strange but not unlikely if these were top secret stealth  helicopters or something else cutting edge.   Quickly ran inside to grab 22 rifle with variable 4 to 9X scope for closer view of objects when passing over me.  When  back outside, they had all headed to new direction towards SW over Arkansas River into Logan County towards Subiaco.  I climbed to the top of my RV to view in rifle\u00b4s scope while due south of me.  Each white flashing light had dimmer steady white light just to left of them visible at 9X power after quickly focusing on Sirius for best resolution possible.  The sky was clear with no moonlight for seeing any kind of outline of these  totally silent objects.  Four normal aircraft of any type would of been overwhelmingly audible at such altitude and proximity.  Hopefully description of nav light configuration will help identity make and model.  No other nav lights of different colors observed.  Objects eclipsed by trees at SSW.  Clock said 8:18 PM.  Beginning of sighting rough estimate but definitely after 8 PM.  Duration near to 20 minutes.    This is not first time stealth craft seen by me or orange orbs,too, in this area.  Ever since I made it a nightly ritual, weather permitting, to go out after sunset and watch the sky closely, plus I\u00b4m a very experienced amateur astronomer with four fairly decent scopes and a computerized GOTO GEM mount.  I have submitted previous reports from nearby Coal Hill circa Feb. 2005.  However, I am well aware I have a most unfortunate surname for filing  UFO reports or any kind of reports for that matter, come to think of it.  But I will keep vigilant nonetheless.  Thanks for reading and your website."
"UFO flew over Spg. MO near Glenstone and Grand on the very night of the Lunar Eclipse and Hale-Bopp. On the very night of the Lunar Eclipse, while Hale-Bopp was still in the sky, we were cooking outside and watching the sky because the Eclipse was getting ready to take place. I had the urge to look up into the south sky (opposite direction from the comet) and saw what to the best of my recollection was either the front of a disc or a large batman type of wing floating overhead. I called loudly to my husband to come out and witness this, as I knew he would not believe me. He came out just in time to see the craft go over the house to the north. It was above the streetlight and it appeared to be round. While it was overhead, it was not visible, as though looking only at the sky. It could only be seen on the cusps of the craft. It flew off and curved right away to the northwest after passing over our home. I watched the news that night hoping others may have seen this, but there were no reports of it. My husband at the time was teaching at a local college. The next day he asked if anyone had seen anything odd the night before, whereupon one did tell that he and his girlfriend also saw something similar in the sky the prior evening, while watching for the eclipse. The thing that was confusing to me was that, in my mind, an object that appeared that size would fall out of the sky, were it flying so smoothly and at such a low speed. It seemed to be on cruise at a low speed. The only other solution to this speed is that it could have been much larger and much higher, appearing smaller and closer. However, we could see the streetlight in front of our house reflecting onto the back of the cusp or disc as it flew off. I have tried to do a search on the internet to see if others spotted this ufo during the Eclipse and Hale-Bopp, however, the only other thing I have found was references to Heaven's Gate. I/we were never in the slightest interested in cults. I have thought of this many times and hoped others had seen the ufo on that very night and also wondered if they, whoever they are, intentional! ly flew the craft that very night because they knew people would be watching the eclipse that night. Was it some kind of a test to see if people would report it?"
"UFO IN SCOTLAND, UK About 2120 (G.M.T) on Saturday, 1st November 2008, I was stood outside my house in Glenrothes, Fife, Scotland, UK.  It was dark; the sky was clear and there was little or no wind.  My attention was drawn towards a slow moving object to the south west, which was travelling in a north easterly direction. I would estimate the height to be somewhere between 3 and 5 thousand feet.  I was immediately suspicious because the object was bright orange in colour.  As it drew closer (less than one mile) it slowed down and maintained its position above the ground.  A short time later, it backed away, whilst climbing sharply at an acute angle.  It was travelling at an incredible speed and within 20 seconds or so, it was the size of a distant star.  We observed it moving from side to side between 3 stars which were in close proximity to each other.  At no time did I hear the sound of engines or a propulsion system.  There was no beam of light emitting from the object towards the ground."
"Two orange fireball-type flying craft within 5 minutes of each other Clear night at a few minutes after 6 pm, about 50 degrees outside.  My husband called me outside, where he had been grilling, to see an orange fire-ball looking light flying low in the sky heading southwest.  It slowly flew in a descending line, then paused and flew upward for a bit before continuing south and then disappeared behind the houses.  Ran to the front yard, but it was nowhere to be seen.  I didn\u2019t hear any sound from it. Five minutes later, my husband called me and the kids back outside to the backyard.  Another orange light was flying in the same direction, but at a slightly lower altitude. This one seemed smaller and made more turns than the first.  It also flew behind the houses, but when we ran to the front, it was visible flying south for a few seconds before turning and heading in a westerly direction and then it just disappeared. We were not sure if it was the same craft that circled around without us seeing it (my husband was watching the sky the whole time after losing sight of the first one) or if it was a second craft.   We\u2019ve never seen anything like it."
"1 oval fairly quick moving object that was lighted that looked circular in the video FEB 20th, I was traveling on POST OAK TRITT RD in Roswell GA at 9:30 pm and in the same area I\u2019d seen this lighted flying object before, I saw it dart to the north of my car over some trees.  there was another companion, but it was too far to the left of my car up in the sky and I could only visually track 1 object.  I pulled my car into the tennis courts of my subdivision, up on a hill and watched until it came back into view.  I have a video of it.  it looks oval in the sky but on video more round. white illumination.  Hard to tell at night the size of this.  I'd say it was 1000 ft. up in the sky.  It was dark. Lasted for about 10 min. This is the third time I've seen this phenom.  The last time was off of highway 120 which is abut 2 miles from this area. I'll be happy to send an email."
"White lights on unique object Dropped my husband off at the Richmond Airport & I was returning home.  I just left the airport, I was on Richmond Airport Connector Rd. heading back to I-895 when I saw what I thought was airplane light to my right.  It was too early in the morning for a plane to be flying but I thought that maybe it was a plane returning to the airport after being serviced. As I continued to watch the plane I know that the object was not heading for the airport so I figured that it was a private jet servicing one of the companies in the area.  As I watched the object it stopped and a light was bright shining down.  So now I figured that the object must be police and they were looking for something. As I came up on the object, now on my right side, I noticed that it was an object that I had never seen.  It was hovering over the trees but there was no sound and the trees did not move.  The object was round as a cylinder; the inside was hallow except for two cylinders that went thru the middle.  Half way thru these two cylinders split and made a \"V\" shape.  I was near the object for about a minute, then object took off to the north east. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she seemed to us to be quite sincere.  Her description of the object was so precise and objective, we suspect that she is a very good witness.  PD))"
"The light we seen was orange then turned red and was hovering for sure and slowly disappeared after 3 to 4 minutes. Returned home from shopping and a couple of neighbors came walking up and and add they did one noticed a strange lite in the sky unlike anything any of us had ever seen.  We just froze, starring at it.  A red orange lite that was most definitely hovering.   It slowly faded away after about 3 maybe 4 minutes.   Really cool but at the same time a little scary."
"Two sightings in Bartlesville, OK Well, I had stepped outside to smoke a cigarette and looking west and upward I saw what looked like a star.  I My girlfriend comes out to stands next to me and I say  \" is that Venus?\" She doesn't know, I see that it is brighter than a normal star and flashing green, orange, and white.  I was crown shaped yet the thing changed it shape. Then to our surprise it slowly and I mean slowly moves to the right, then quickly back.  It did this several times... slow at first, then decisively going back.  Staying for 40 minutes or so we know the position has changed in the sky way to the right.  It was as high that I mistook it for a star. Seemed as if tiny white lasers were leaving it or crossing it's path.  7 months ago I was driving home at 3 pm or so northward here in town. I saw in the sky from way high several flashing white lights descend toward earth each flashed at different times yet at the same speed. They were arranged like this. Imaging an upside down pointing rack of bowling pins set them apart wider, and add two more on the top row: ((NUFORC Note:  Orientation of objects did not survive transfer to database.  PD)) Their position to each other did not change but it fell at such a high rate of speed I sped through residential streets to get to a place to catch it again."
"Country side sighting of 4 UFOS with 4 witnesses. Some friends and I were driving down a country road one summer surrounded by farms and cow fields.  We stopped the car and were just hanging out like teenagers do.  Out of no where i hear my buddy who was standing about 80 ft away start yelling and pointing up above him.  I looked over and immediately saw an oval shaped craft hovering COMPLETELY silent about 50 ft directly above his head.  It looked mettallic against the night sky with a rotating red light beneath it that was revolving in a circular motion.  It was completely still.  My jaw dropped. I ran towards my buddy and the object in complete shock and curiousity.  The two girls we were with saw it as well and paniced.  They started screaming and crying for us to leave and ran to car.  My friend and i however were nore intersted in watching it or trying to communicate with it.  As soon as i got to where my friend was standing the object shot thru the sky so fast to another point (which looked about a mile away)! that it appeared to disappear then reappear.  Once it reappered of in the distance we observed there were 2 more just like it!  They moved thru the air as if they were dancing following no particular direction.  Just moving erratically.  We stood and watched in awe for about 20 minutes until they all flew in one direction which we then noticed a larger craft that appeared to be triangle shaped with three huge bright white light at each point.  The three smaller craft (appearing as red lights at this distance now) seemed to circle around the triangle as if it was thier mothership?  They appeared to become part of the big triangle one and then split off again and again.  We watched this dance for a few more minutes in disbelief before all the objects seemed to shoot off or disappear.  One of the things that was strange is that we could hear dogs howling and barking for miles as if they were terrified or in pain?  If that makes any sense. We told everyone we knew thinking people would! be intersted, instead, we were ridiculed and made fun of.  So, we all pretty much never talked about it again.  I know what we saw. Im not crazy.  If i wouldve been alone i may have wondered if i was!  However i was with three other people who all saw the same thing.  I went back to the sight many nights after armed with a camera and patiently waited for hours sometimes but they never returned.  Most AMAZING thing ive ever experienced. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate.  PD))"
"fireball in the sky object in the north west ksy..very bright and flashing...light was very intense to the naked eye it appears to ve a very bright start. got out binoculars and it has very brilliant colors, red green and orange ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  We spoke with the witness, who indicated a time of 11:00 p.m...  PD))"
"ufo in indiana My three children, i, and my mother were heading east on old Morgantown road. My mother and I were in the front seat and both spotted what appeared at first to be a large airplane coming towards us. We both started what is that plane doing that low. It was a hundred feet  above the ground and coming right at us.  We travelled about a tenth of a mile and stopped in the middle of the road. We were stunned.  The craft had five huge lights, but they were not like any lights we had ever seen. They were orange/ red in color.  Once we stopped I could make out a curved shape like a saucer shape. I could only see the part that the lights lit up.   I reached for my cell phone to get a photo and jumped out of the car. The light disappeared one my one within two seconds. I didn't have enough time to even click on my camera. I got in the car and my children and mother were yelling about this UFO. We went home, which took five minutes and I went in and looked out the back door! south. I saw the light again disappearing over the trees east of us. I would guess the distance at about twenty miles away."
"Bright light at bottom and moving in a circular motion It looks like a hologram and is layered with a bright light at the bottom. here is link of the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ3R-caz3eQ&list=UUeZxI_WSFDWAsCDvFuIOrLw&index=1&feature=plcp"
"Green Glowing Oval Shaped UFO viewed over Lake Superior Minnesota On the early morning (of July 19th 2009 (approximately 3:15am-3:25am) while staying at a resort in the town of Tofte Minnesota I observed a lime green glowing oval shaped Unidentified flying object traveling north from the south over Lake Superior. I had been sitting out on the balcony since around midnight when my wife feel asleep watching ships, satellites, and aircraft out above the lake using my Steiner 8x30 binoculars which I also used while observing the strange craft. For the record I grew up near a airport and Army Air Reserve base and have had an interest in avionics since I was a child. It maintained the same altitude and speed for the entire duration while observed. I had awoken my wife to view the object but she was to tired to comprehend what it was she was seeing and now recalls seeing \"A Strange Green Flying Light\". She was very exhausted (Having been sunburned from earlier that afternoon). I'm a night owl and she goes to bed usually hours before I do. This incident has also been reported to MUFON in detail including accurate weather reports from that night/morning that I acquired online from the Weather Monitoring Station report approximately 25 miles north of Tofte MN. Also included the locations of the moon and other prominent celestial bodies that night/morning. I sincerely have no idea what this object could have been. Nothing conventional I can be sure of that much."
"Dark chevron/boomerang object Saw a chevron/boomerang shaped craft gliding southbound toward city park.  It was silent and couldn't have been flying higher than 250 feet, difficult to tell since it was such a barely visible object with no lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was up watching TV when there was a bright light in my backyard.  I got out of bed and looked out of my window.  There was a large circular object about 15 feet long by 8 feet high.  As soon as I looked out the window I saw it.  The object let out a white beam with streaks of light.  This object then lifted into the sky.  It was hovering about 1000 feet up then it flew away about a mile or two and was seen hovering around for about 10 minutes before vanishing.  The object was yellow and white in color."
"Bright yellow disc w/ red dome in Longview, WA. Bright orange/yellow disc with bright red dome on top ascended straight up from ground to low above tree line then took off at high speed and diagonal upward direction in northeast direction.   It was highly visible yet no sound was heard. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Circle of blinking white lights. I had just got off the bus, on my way home from college, and had just got outside my house.  I was having a look up at the stars, and noticed an odd, distant, Y-shaped constellation.  There were several aeroplanes around at the time, more than I normally see, maybe somewhere between 4 and 6.  As I was looking at it, I noticed a bright, white light in the sky from the corner of my eye. I looked round, and looked at the light, which was moving backwards and forwards across my terrace of houses.  There were about 6 lights, forming a circle, blinking in a clockwise order. I stood outside my house for around a minute and watched the UFO.  Suddenly, it disappeared behind my neighbour's house.  When it did, I immediately rushed through the house and into the back garden to see if it was still there, but it had disappeared. When I had accepted that it was gone, I tried looking up to the sky again for the constellation, but I could not see it.  I couldn't be sure if the two are related, and I did not see a constellation, but something else. I am not a user of drugs, I am not a smoker or drinker, and I am not sleep deprived. I am a perfectly sane person, and I have seen something that I can not explain."
"Was swimming at night in my pool in backyard spotted a red and blue light glowed intensely then went out moved in zigzag disappeared came back went down below roof top houses out of sight if anyone seen same thing comment please it was really weird"
"Odd white lights seen traveling westward from Colonial in Orlando.  Low, no sound. While driving westwards on Colonial/50 Monday morning, through Pine Hills, I saw what appeared to be three white lights arranged in a close point-up triangle.  It appeared to be a single object, moving roughly W-SW from over the highway, traveling in a straight line.   There were no blinking lights visible at all, and no sound, despite a significantly fast rate of travel at what appeared to be low altitude.  It is entirely possible it was a helicopter that turned southish at some point, having followed Colonial prior to my seeing it (helis launch from the Orlando business airport all the time),  however, it looked very odd for a helicopter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 unusual red lights in sky I saw 3 non-blinking red lights that appeared to be at high altitude and moving slowly together slightly to the west if looking up at the belt part of the Orion constellation.   They formed an acute triangle but appeared to be individual, not 3 lights on the corners of a single triangle shape. The lights did not blink or appear as normal navigation lights on airplanes from what I could see, nor did they look like any sort of ground-launched fireworks. Maybe they were flares dropped from high altitude. I watched them for about a minute before deciding to get my binoculars for a better look.   It only took about a minute to get them and when I returned outside the lights were gone.    No weird noises, no sparks, no unusual movements.   The only thing unusual was the appearance. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible party lanterns, but that is a guess.  Many other reports.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Silent black rectangular object 2X full moon size moving north to south below dense cloud cover Dense cloud cover moving west to east. Object dark in color with no lights or sound, rectangular in shape and approximately 2X full moon-size projection on right side, approximately 25% size of total. Moving slowly on a continual path north to south below cloud cover."
"Oblong shaped UFO with glowing underbelly sighted over Los Angeles area \u2013 no explanation. On December 27, 2010 at approximately 6:15 pm PST my wife and I were in our backyard in West Covina, CA (about 22 miles east of downtown Los Angeles).  It was a very clear evening and I was looking up at the night sky.  In the southwest sky there was a light from what appeared to be a planet and to the right and above the planet I noticed another odd, bright light.  It was oblong in shape and had a glowing white oblong light on its underside.  It was moving at a slow pace in a northerly direction.  It seemed to be moving too slow to be an airplane and it seemed to high and too big to be a helicopter.  I pointed it out to my wife and she also saw it and couldn\u2019t explain it.  We watched it for about 2 minutes and then it suddenly disappeared.  We didn\u2019t see it fly off.  It was just gone."
"Slightly elongated  brite white light  silently  traveling west to east then blacked out rapidly slightly elongated brite white light..possible space shuttle?  Traveling west to east then blacked out rapidly"
"Bright light seen over the city of Chicago. My boyfriend and I live just south of downtown Chicago, about a block east of the lake. Last night I was sitting out on our fire escape between 6 and 6:30 PM. I looked out to the north and in the distance saw a bright white light resembling a giant star moving straight up into the sky. After watching in for a few seconds I called my boyfriend out to show him what I was seeing.  Being a skeptic he was more amazed than I was about the light in the sky.  We also saw commercial airplanes around the craft and they looked tiny in comparison, as did the stars visible in the sky. It was moving relatively quickly and now moving towards us.  As it got closer it appeared possible that there were two curved wings coming off of the flying craft.  We watched it until it disappeared behind our 11-story apartment building.  There was no sound we could hear coming from it."
"Large fireball heading towards sun 5 fighters in percuit My son called me at work and discrbed round fire ball about the size of the sun moving toward the sun.within 2 minutes notice 5 jets scrambling toward it not able to catch up.then 5 minutes later noticed 2 more jets heading in the same direction.My wife was in Lowell mass. at the time noticed it also and pulled over to get pictures waitng to hear her version of the siteing."
"First I thought It was a shooting star, then it stop in the middle of it's travel. I can see it's round shape then suddenly it make an awkward u-turn then zoom. kind of space warp like in the movie.   Oh, It happen near above Malacanang Palace. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"01/20/15.   ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to whether this is a serious-minded report.  PD)) Something very strange landed for a while near my terrace.  They were in number of 3. something very strange landed for a while near my terrace.  They were in number of 3. While all the crows and the other birds for a while gathered as soon as the object went away. I found hard to breath while the object was seen. There was light in the basement of the object.the light was something I cannot explain in words. it was the color I have never seen in my life . Landing was slow enough but take off was very fast.  They were approximately in the size like that of a quite unusual shape of water. I was unable to breath for a while  and after it left I was fed with very very unusual smell that washed some of my pictures in my head regarding the event ."
"Gold cylinder light hovering over freeway and then flashes as I got closer While driving on the US 101 fwy on 11/04/2008 @ 0100 above the freeway and my car was a bright cylinder of light that was a bright gold color.  It was stationary about 100 feet above me and then flashed a couple of times and zipped up and behind me and out of sight."
"Wedge-triangle shape transparent  dark cloud with entrails following movement.West to East over foothills of Joshua Tree ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I think there were humans aboard this giant ufo craft, The air forces span for hours This is crazy, I was sitting at the Marriot in the courtyard in St Charles, Illinois, relaxing and this funny bright light caught my eye and seemed to respond to my thoughts as it barely zigzagged left to right to catch my attention. It moved to the right a little to prove it was there and hovered for 20 minute or more until military/satellite really fast jets come near it, it went down into the woods and dissappeared. I have a trippy small picture of it and the fast planes circles 200 times around the area for 3-4 hours. The air moved like water and everything tripped out when the thing was around, it felt like I was on LSD. Im Chris Blaha and 2 weeks earlier I asked Jesus that i never saw a UFO before, I actually think mary or jesus was on that ship, It was the wierdest but most comfrating thing ever.i dont have a computer hookup for the pictures i got off my cell phone   It happened 8- 9 pm 7-12-07 ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet?  PD))"
"Amber light blinking suddenly stops mid-air and object carrying dissapears Looking out a window approximately 0:00 to 0:30 hours towards the Southern sky and slightly to the west, a flying object with an amber light was traveling at a fast rate of speed heading toward the North and slightly Eastern sky. The light dissapeared suddenly and there was no visibility of the object. There was ample space in the sky to see as the object continued in the direction of my perspective. This thing just dissapeared. The event was approximately 15 seconds. No sound could be heard eminating from the object before it's aproach or after it vanished."
"slow moving object is joined in pursuit by another object, a plane of sorts, with a blinking light and then the solid light leaves. Soon after my birthday, my mom and her friend went to Mexico, leaving me home for a week by myself.  as I often have knee troubles I decided to soak in our hottub outside.  my girlfriend walked inside to get us something to drink and my cigarettes, and I leaned back and say a steady light.  at first I thought it was a plane since it had a light on it, but then I noticed it wasn't blinking.  I watched it go from almost directly overhead to about a 65 degree angle at low speeds. (assuming 90degrees is straight up.).  However the oddest part was the accompaniment of a aircraft that had a blinking light that caught up to it. as the second aircraft caught up, on this clear night I watched the solid light object go from 60degrees to around 45 degrees at a much higher speed than the blinking light could.  it left it behind and they never caught back up to eachother.  my only problem is I didn't know till recently that only military aircraft in a wartime zone could change their lights to off or not blinking otherwise it was mandatory to have signal lights.  the light was a solid white orb. not very big, but was about 2x the size of the blinking aircrafts lights.  I couldn't tell if the object made a sound or not seeing how the other aircraft did. but I know it didn't change color didn't blink just kept moving slowly then quickly."
"3bright lights fading in and out and moving quickly. i saw 1 light behind some clouds which was hazy then bright, then another two which did a 90-degree right turn and back which was really quick movement like someone with a torch,then two went out then back on really bright behind these clouds.  they seemed to fade in and out.  i saw one plane to the north east of the clouds but this all happened over 5or so minutes,  it was to bright for planes and to stationary well.  the cloud line was really high in the sky.  The sighting was between Ellesmere [Shropshire] and Whitchurch.. ((NUFORC Note:  For some strange reason, the witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Amazing sighting in Whittier. (Frequent sighting) This happens quite often in Whittier, CA.  If you are familiar with Whittier, especially uptown, If you're lucky and keep a lookout west...  these flickering (orange, green, yellow, red) lights (crafts) will hover over and under one another while remaining in the same general area. The event usually will last 45 Min. to 1 Hour while the lights get tremendously bright.  After the 45 Min. or so has past, they just vanish, like someone has turned off a light-switch. The sight is pretty amazing if you have not seen it, and for the first time viewers... it usually scares the holy heck out of them and then the amazement sets in. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible celestial bodies, perhaps \"twinkling\" stars??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"sighting of a white, star-like light move across the sky, blink red twice, and disappear I believe that it was between 10 and 11 that I\u2019d seen the UFO as I was stargazing. It gave off the impression that it was at high-altitudes, given the object was so small I thought it was a star at first and my eyes were playing tricks on me when I\u2019d noticed it move. It traveled at a such a slow, steady pace diagonally across the sky that I ruled out the possibility of it being a plane, along with the fact that it was just a white little orb shaped light. I followed it with my eyes for a few minutes before it stopped, blinked red twice, and disappeared. One must also note that I\u2019d had an encounter exactly like this in February, if I can recall correctly, in the same location, only with two witnesses; myself and my brother"
"Bright, large white and blue object in Swannanoa, NC We saw a bright white light, size of a street lamp light, fly over a mountain and towards us.  From the white light, a brilliant blue light appeared (doubling the size of the light).  The light then seemed to shift course, and as it diminished in size, it took off into space and disappeared."
"Up camping and saw green glowing fireballs in the sky OMG Ok I was a non-believer until this day. This was located around Ione Washington about 10 miles south July 27. There were 9 of us that witness this sighting. We were all camping and it was in the evening, and getting ready to go to bed. When out of the corner of my eye I saw 2 bright green balls they seemed glowing neon like. At first I thought that it was a huge fire work ready to go off then I looked over and realized they weren\u2019t blowing up and they seemed huge about 2 times the size of a basketball.  When I first saw them, they were in between the trees. I said, \u201cOMG Look at that!\u201d to everyone and I started to kind of freak out. I said, \u201cWe should get the cam.\u201d but they started too move out of sight. So we all ran out into the drive way out of the tree line and there they were just hovering going slowly up and down and back and forth no real formation. It was kind of bouncy like, hard to explain.  There was no sound at all. They started to slowly go further into space. This lasted about 5 min. or so. They were very bright in the sky even as they got smaller in size. They started to look like a star.  Then my dad said, \u201cLook, there\u2019s a red one\u201d it was going across the sky pretty fast but it seemed it could have been a satellite at first, but it then stopped and went the other way. It then turned around and went out into space following the other two. Then they all disappeared together. We didn\u2019t get pics I am so upset cause they were in the sky for so long. But I can now say I believe that there is something out there.  Almost forgot this part:  The next day we were at the beach, and then there was this super loud sound roaring like, when all of a sudden there was air force jets flying really low and really fast. They were following the river. This scared the heck out of us. I have been up camping and my grandparent lived in this area all my life (I'm in my 30's)and never saw either thing ever happen up there before. We do have an air force base in Spokane but not sure if this is related or not. But seems very strange they were in this area the next day."
"dark object moving very straight, high and fast across whole sky. small object look but moving too fast to be a high plane dark ro black object at dusk sun had set. looked like a bird very high up at first. saw small changes in shape but too high to say what it looked like. then I thought it is was a balloon or very large black garbage bag but it was very high and there was not much of a wind. it moved very straight and with a constant and fast speed like a helicopter but was too high and no sound. saw it move across for about 75% of the sky in a very straight line till it was no longer visible due to the distance.  The person with me also agreed that whatever it was looked and acted very strange a not like something we can recognise that it was"
"Hovering object.  Summer night.  Red/green blinking light.  No wind.  No sound from object.  Slowly began to move and slowly fly away. Hello. I just wanted to share my story with you.  This happened a long time ago.  I think it was 1985.  I was probably 17 at the time.  I am from a small town in North Dakota called Belfield.  It is in Stark County.   One weekend night I was in a car with a friend.  His brother and my sister were in a car behind us, and there was another car with two people from our town behind them.  So, there were six people that saw this.   We were driving out in the country somewhere south of Belfield, probably about 10pm, and we were looking for a person\u2019s farm, who was having a party.  Outdoor parties were common for us back then.   We were in the lead car and I saw a red and green or red and blue light blinking in the sky.  It just seemed out of place, and the lights were separate not together.  I pointed it out to my friend driving, and he saw it.   We decided we needed to pull over and talk to the others behind us because we did not know how to find this party.  We pulled over and stopped.  Now, we were not on a highway, but on a dirt country road.  We got out and we were almost right underneath these blinking lights.  It was not very high, maybe a hundred feet, but just high enough that we could not see the shape clearly, but it seemed to be 50 ft. wide, judging by the blinking light on each side.  I could be wrong about the size.  There was no radio tower or tall pole with lights on it nearby.  The weird thing is that it was a still summer night, no wind, and this thing was blinking above us, and we did not hear a sound.  No engine.  No propeller, etc., yet it was hovering.   I started waving at it, and I grabbed a flashlight out of the car, and started to flash the light at it.   After about a minute, or so, it began to slowly move kind of around us, and then continued to fly off across country to the south west at a slow rate of speed.   I will never forget that experience and have no idea what it could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"A white light traveling  randomly at a very high rate of speed I went to the mailbox one morning with my camera hanging around my neck (it was recording). I didn't check the tape for 2 days and almost erased it.  To my surprise, a white light traveling randomly at a very high rate of speed,(approx. 10x's faster than the Space Shuttle) had been capture on tape accidentally.  The sighting appeared low in the south sky, N/W San Antonio. You can see this strange event on YouTube. \"UFO in San Antonio Oct 6 2011\"  also  \"UFO in San Antonio Oct 6 2011 / slow motion\""
"Orange/Yellow fireball or flame inside round shape spotted in East Nashville traveling in steady pace. On Saturday, April 30, 2011, at approximately 9:00 PM, while taking a break during band rehearsals in East Nashville, we were outside and happened to look up to the sky.  We saw what first looked like a hot air or weather balloon.  It appeared to be round in shape and almost looked like it was either a fireball or a flame inside the shape. It was of a orange/yellow color and appeared to be traveling Southwest to Northeast.  It was neither slow nor fast, but seemed to travel in a steady pace."
"Object could only be seen through a Starlight Scope (infra-red device) UFO Report November, 1969 Camp Pendleton, CA  While attending Scout/Sniper School for the Marine Corp I was witness along with at least 30 other Marines of a UFO.  This occurred during our night training on the firing range using Starlight Scopes.  This night was a clear night but without a moon.  The background in the distance was the mountain range on Camp Pendleton.  During the firing practice everyone who was firing using a Starlight Scope became exited by a bright light they could see through the scope.  The light was flying/hovering fairly low to the ground in the distance.  The weird part was that you could only see this light using the Starlight Scope.  With the naked eye you saw nothing; no light whatsoever.  Through the scope the light was obvious and moving over the horizon.  My recollection of this event would have been over a 30-90 second time period.  I looked at least 3 times through the scope to observe the UFO then with my naked eye and could see nothing.  I was watching through the scope when the bright object went around one of the mountains and came into view again from a valley.  The object began to rise into the air higher and then disappeared into the sky in a streak of light similar to a falling star but away from the earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"2 oblong flying UFO's, military called out I did an Internet search about a ufo I saw when I was 11 years old.  It happened at our school in Opa Locka Fl. I see there are 2 reports on your site. this has been 46 years ago for me, as I was a student there on the day it happened, I remember a long oblong shape in the sky 2 of them, also I remember the Air Force coming out and being let out of school early because of it."
"low hovering triangular aircraft, fast speed and tight turns. I saw a triangle,  directly above where I used to live in Pine Hill.  Unsure of the time,  but it wasn't too late.   Went to smoke a cig outside, and there was this triangular aircraft hovering very low over the trees of my complex.  I looked at it for a moment,  before it turned 90 degrees and sped away.  I thought it was some sort of military harrier since I lived near the airport, the experience was bizzare.  I thought to myself tonight if anyone else had seen it before.  Googled it,  and that's how I found this site."
"Triangle with lights across the back. No sound. V shaped with lights all around. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"40' white light emitting circular craft I get home at about 22:30 and back my car into the car port.  Walking out from under it I immediately have a 40' white light glowing circle (emitting enough light for the surrounding area to appear daylight) hovering directly over me about 20 or so feet up.  This lasted for about 3 minutes. Next day I was up at 7:45AM feeling like I had alcohol poisoning..felt as if every part of my body was in agony down to the molecule.  All my energy had been drained. Went back to sleep and woke up at 22:00.  3 days later I am still feeling the effect. Since I don't drink and do not do manual labor for a living I have no other explanation, other than being chosen for testing rather than the usual being an observer or along for the ride so to say. Had to be some form of a molecular scan. Talked to a fellow associate at ICAR earlier and was recommended to send a report in to this site."
"Large round glowing yellow fireball traveling at a high rate of speed, then suddenly stopping and disappearing At appproximately 8:00 p.m. on Tuesday, April 29, 2008, I had just left Reno, NV heading eastbound on I-80 towards Elko, NV. A large perfectly round glowing object caught my eye as it came into my field of vision above me in my front window of my car heading the exact same direction at an extremely fast speed. At first I thought it was a falling star beacuase of the speed that it traveled across the sky, but then I realized it was traveling way too low and it was way too large, and it was glowing yellow not white as typical of the falling stars I have seen often. At that point my mind told me it must be a meteor but here was absolutely no trail behind it. Then it came to a sudden halt but never diminished in brightness, and then just totally became invisible, like it turned its light off. I got I weird gut feeling like this was something I could not explain. Everyone in the car was freaking out because they were all equaly scared. The only other time I had this feeling was in Seattle ,WA in May 1977 at approxiamtely 9:00 p.m. when a small craft the size of a small car followed our car full of five people through a road with tall trees on both sides just floating behind our vehicle, you could see it in the rear view mirror. It was a typical saucer like design that consisted of four rows of glowing windows. Our car died in the middle of the road and we were not able to start it for about a minute. Everyone was hysterical and terrified. Just was curious if anyone else saw the Reno meteor/light in the sky?"
"Chevron Shape Bright Object in the Northern Sky Looking north (Flying west) this self illuminating object caught my attention. The Sun was already set and gone. So this was not a residual prism effect (or whatever else you want to call it) illumination. What was so amazing was, as it flew in FRONT of a cloud, it was actually BRIGHTER than the white clouds. Then when it flew past that cluster of cloud, it maintained its original color.  Its color came from within. It was self coloring from the core.  No human words, that I have been taught, can explain this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Stars or lights apparently joining up in the sky. I read something by Grant Cameron, and he suggests reporting and documenting all sightings.  I have often thought about this and now I would like to share it. I graduated from high school June 10 1970.  It was a few days later, or maybe a week or two, it's been a long time now.  We lived in Garden City Michigan.  We often slept outside, and we always had our sleeping bags ready to go. In our neighborhood in Garden City we all had big back yards, lots of trees, and it was really like sleeping in the woods.  It was a dry clear night, and we laid out in our sleeping bags.  We talked a lot and were both staring up at the stars, when we both noticed something unusual at a star right straight above us. The star or light would have other lights going up to it, and then leave it.  Its been a long time, but I believe we saw at least 4 stars or lights joining up with it, then departing.  I cant recall if the activity ceased, or if we just fell asleep.  I think I might have compared it to a gas station, or a drive in restaurant.  We both saw it at the same time and always wondered what it could have been. Now hearing all the declassified info about the spy satellites  (Hexagon) and others I wonder if this is what we both saw that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Two Large Oval Lights Above the Clouds Two Nights in One Week. Same occurrence 2 nights this week \u2013 first 2-13-16; second tonight, 2-19-16.  Both nights around same time.  Both nights with same amount of cloudiness, just big temperature difference.  Initially appear similar to spotlights but (1) no trail of light; (2) each would disappear behind clouds randomly; (3) area of night sky coverage too immense; (4) somewhat circular flight pattern while moving across sky; (5) immediate change of direction at random times; (6) quick change in speed of movement. Viewing from southeast Davidson County, Tennessee (Nashville).  Two roundish/oval lights moving separately, crossing over one another at times and each would occasionally disappear behind clouds.  Both with variation in speed of movement.  Quickly changed directions, even a complete 180 at times.  Viewing location less than 10 miles from airport with fair amount of air traffic.  All lights on planes were clear and crisp, commercial airplanes far smaller than the 2 orb-sha! ped lights and undoubtedly flying much lower in the sky than location of the 2 orb-lights. I took videos on the night of 2-13 but only had my iPhone and the videos don't do justice.   Can see the lights if watch in darkened room but it just didn't pick things up like a true camera could."
"Craft with four white lights. I was sitting on my back porch with my fiance & were stargazing.  At 10:45 pm, I observed a craft flying overhead.  It had the shape of a trapezoid.   I observed the craft between two trees in the backyard for 5 seconds.  It was flying North.  It was moving faster than anything I've ever seen & it was silent.  The sky was clear & the craft really stood out in the night sky.It had four visible lights that were a dim white in color.   This is the shape that I observed.  The dots represent the light's that I saw & with the two lights that are closest together would be the front of the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  The design indicated by the witness did not survive the transfer to our database of sighting reports.  We have amended the date above.  Possible hoax??  Witness has changed his contact information, so we are unable to contact him.  PD))  .     .   .             ."
"A mysterous, and very bright lumanating craft seen hoovering  high over Clemmons, N.C We were looking toward the west, in the direction of Clemmons,N.C from Winston Salem, there in the sky we saw a bright light that looked like a bright star at first, but,while watching it, there were different colored luminous lights blinking; white, yellow,blue,green,red mostly,and it seemed to be some kind of a round hoovering rotating craft,and would move slowly away for some distance, hoover again then go back to the orginal position; this went on for about 50 to 60 minutes,then disappeared. I don't have a video camera, so, I couldn't take a movie of it, but,I did report it to Forsyth county law enforcement. I don't feel it was a local plane or helicopter; anything around here wouldn't stay that long in one place,or move, then go back to where it was and hoover again; It was 6pm and already dark when this all started. There are a lot of cell phone towers in this area. My son thought that maybe, that had something to do with it; as he observed the object high in the night sky, he thought it was moving around high over the towers and one side of the object seemed to be emiting a total red light. I did see the red light as I meantioned before, I went into the house after observing for long while; as it was too cold for me. I don't feel there isn't much more I can add to this.I am interested in learning more about the mysterous unknown ufo's. I use to be a skeptic, but, I now believe anything is possible, as I have seen a lot of things in my life that some people would consider impossible or crazy. A lot of people don't believe in bigfoot, but, I became a believer when myself and family had an encounter with one. I know it may sound weird or crazy; but, could these ufo's have something to do with the bigfoot being here? It does seem strange that there a lot of ufo's and a lot more bigfoot sightings."
"Glowing light moves slowly, hovers then shoots straight up into the sky and vanishes My boyfriend and I lived just outside Gainesville in rural area.  We were going out for the night and walked out the front door to see a glowing yellow ball off in the distance just above the tree line.  It made no sound and it was moving slowly.  We got in our truck and drove out to the two-lane highway. On the highway we saw a light again off to the left.  We pulled over to watch the light, which was now an orange color.  The area where the light was located is a large area of vacant land with an old barn. My boyfriend got out of the truck and I stayed inside looking out the window. We watched and it looked like it was at the level of a streetlight though we know there were no streetlights there.  It must have been a few minutes while it hovered and then all of a sudden it shot straight up in the air moving incredibly fast.  We watched it go up and then the glowing light expanded and then it was gone.  When we got to the place we were headed, I called somebody related to air traffic/air force to ask them if there was anything they were flying.  They said no, but that it might have been a weather balloon.  It seemed like that might account for the floating glowing light we saw along the tree line but didn\u2019t seem plausible for the way it stayed still and then shot up in the air.  I had never seen something move so fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Circular craft at beach. Circular aircraft hovered over the beach at night very close to the ground about 100 ft away from my group of about 7 friends  with a beam over the water for 2 minutes as if contemplating to abduct my friends and me.   It left then came back, this time closer.  It sat with the beam over the water then it went a way at a speed a plane is not capable of.  I got a video as it flew away.   All my friends say it was a plame but planes are not circular, planes do not have beams, and planes fly high in the air.   Also airplanes have places to go, they dp not stop.  Leave then come back and sit in mid-air.  I've always kind of believed in aliens but now i know for sure"
"UFO with white light and green (ultra light) moved slowly downward on a diagonal path, then disappeared. I was getting in my truck to go to work.  Truck was running but the lights were off.  Noticed an aircraft in front of me pretty high in the sky.  Another aircraft slowly came in from the left and moved on a diagonal path downward.   There was a white light on the right side of the ufo and a bright green light on the left.  I could not stop staring at the green light.  Object was moving slowly but I still saw trails from the green light.  In my head I jokingly told myself that might be a UFO.  Just then, it either vanished, or took off super fast.  All that was left was a green hue in the clouds.   On my way to work, I saw at least 10 aircrafts hovering in the sky.  Some were helicopters  but at least three of them had huge panel lights on the front and looked like airplanes hovering. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS)) The object looked like a small Sun, but not as bright.  It did not have a trail but it did have a wide tail that looked like it might have moved so  fast that it just appeared to have a wide tail.  It was in the eastern sky, well above the trees.  It moved up and swerved to the left. I saw it for a few seconds before it vanished.  I could tell that it was pretty far away, but it had to have been huge and close to Earth.  ((END ADDENDUM #1)) ((ADDENDUM #2 FROM WITNESS)) I am 62 years old and have never seen anything like. Thank you so much for your response. ((END ADDENDUM #2))"
"I saw a large foggy cone with a bright blue beam to my south. The cone went from northwest to south east with a beam from the top point of the cone to the bottom.  A small circular craft flew northwest out of the tip of the cone and continued as the cone dissipated. The beam dissipated more slowly and 10 minutes after my initial visual still lingered, though much smaller. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"I was up early on my computer doing email.  No inside room lights were on just my monitor, so the room was dark.  My monitor is 2 feet next to right of my window.  My room is on the second level of my home.   A bright blue light caught my eye at a 45 degree angle to my view of my monitor.    I turned to observe the light and saw a triangle shaped light, very bright and very large moving from west to east.   The trajectory was downward a few degrees and about 14 degrees off the horizon.  It moved fast but not to fast not to make out the shape.   I didn't observe any streaks like you see from a meteor.  No blinking lights, just a very light blue bright object moving fast through the sky."
"Large, flat triangular craft with red lights right above the tree line. I was driving home and witnessed a triangular shape moving very slowly right above the trees.  It was very large, about the width of a house, and flat.  I could only see the darkness of it but could tell it blacked out the sky behind it.  It was very low, emitted no sound, but had 3 red lights on the triangle corners.  It disappeared behind the tree lines. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Craft over Redmond, Wa - 3 lights flashing moving south east.  Very large craft. observed craft flying low over the horizon moving south east.  inleast 3 lights spaced evenly apart about 5 stories apart only horizontal.  Lights moved evenly with the craft.  The lights flashed in a pattern several colors.  We watched the craft until it disappeared behind the trees.  Craft moved smoothely at a fast speed.  It was night time with a bright moon and a clear sky.  First person who saw the craft thought it was towards them and then turned to the south east."
"A star like object moves across the sky at super speed... Light A star like object that moves across the sky at super speed. To high to be a plane. Not blinking.."
"5 red-orange Lights fading in and out from right to left horizontally Standing outside my garage walking out, I saw, to the east/southeast a sequence of 5 orange-ish red lights.  These lights were horizontal but slightly higher on the left.  The lights appeared from right to left, fading in one at a time, then quickly faded out in the same fashion(also right to left). after the first time this happened, I yelled at my father to come look, he saw one of the 3 occurrences of the same thing happen. each time this occurred subsequently, the lights moved to the left(north).  After the third time, I stared in the area for about a half an hour, before giving up on seeing anything else.   When I had my sister bring my phone from inside the house out to me, the camera app would only show blue(which it has never done, and had worked prior the same evening)"
"Hovering triangular craft with many lights seen in the night sky. I am a 56-year-old metalsmith, mother and grandmother.  I have some college education, but no degees.  I have lived in all over the USA but am currently residing in the area I was born in. On October 4Th, 2011, around 8:00 pm, I was driving home from a day of running errands.  As I drove down the street I live on, I glanced down another street that angles off at a Y intersection.  Above our neighborhood clubhouse, I saw a mass of lights that were appeared to be stationary and about 200 to 500 feet above the building. I  stopped my car, backed up a few feet and turned down that street to see what it was.  Of course I was thinking, 'It's a UFO!' 'No, it can't be.' 'Oh my gosh, it's a space ship!'  I drove slowly as I looked at the mass of lights until I got almost directly under it.  I could see the whole underside of the craft and it was enormous! I could see that it was a triangle-shaped craft with lights running parallel to the edges but about a foot away from them.  The underside was slightly rounded and completely smooth.  I couldn't see any openings or interruptions in it's smooth, Grey-black metallic surface.  The lights were white, orange, red, green and blue and very bright. They weren't inset nor did they protrude.  They seemed to be a part of the underneath, which appeared to be almost fluid, like mercury.   As I slowed down to a stop in the middle of the street, it suddenly rotated and then moved up and across the street at an angle.  It was moving slowly enough that I could almost keep up with it, but I lost sight of it as I turned the corner.  Just past the corner there was a small group of people running toward the next corner.  One of the men yelled to me,  \"Did you see it?\"   I answered, \"Yes!\"   He replied, \"That was a freakin' spaceship!\"   After slowing down at the stop sign, I followed the streets around toward my house and, as I turned back onto my street, I saw that it was moving right in front of me. It was then that I realized that my heart was pounding so hard that I could actually hear it.  Then I noticed that the craft was going straight toward my house, but, for some reason, I wasn't afraid. I was in awe of it's enormous size and the fact that I was witnessing something so spectacular!   As I approached my house, I realized that it had stopped again, this time just past my house, as if it was waiting for me. I pulled into the driveway and started honking the horn for my daughter to come outside and see it. I jumped out of the car and just as I was turning to run inside, it rotated and then darted over the trees, up and away so fast that it disappeared completely within a second. I was almost to the front door when I realized that I forgot to turn the car off or even shut the door. My purse was still inside it so I ran back, gathered my things, turned the engine off and ran inside to tell my daughter. I'm still not sure if she believed me, even though my heart was still pounding really fast and hard and I was talking so fast she could barely understand me. I went back outside to see if the other people who saw it were still heading down toward my house, but they were gone. I couldn't find them and I don't know which house they lived in or if they were even ne! ighbors or visitors. I couldn't imagine going door to door asking if anyone had seen the UFO. I did ask my immediate neighbors but they were either gone or not looking outside at the time it appeared. I later watched the local news but there was no mention of it.  It was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen in my life! It was not any kind of aircraft I have ever seen. I have been online reading about new aircraft designs all day and can't find anything that looks in any way like what I saw. I also can't find any articles about aircraft that have been developed to move the way this space craft did; nothing that rotates before it moves away or hovers, even though it was as big as three large houses. It was totally silent and very fluid in it's movements. It really doesn't matter to me if anyone else believes that I saw a UFO because I know what I saw and it wasn't of this earth.  As I think back about the incident, I realize that I was drawn to it in a strange way. The fear I expected to have was non-existent and was replaced by excitement and awe. I almost didn't have a choice of whether I drove away from it or straight toward it and, when it was gone, I somehow knew it wasn't coming back anytime soon. I didn't even think about driving around looking for it to appear somewhere else because I just knew it was gone. I had seen what I was supposed to see. It had fulfilled it's mission. Those were the feelings it left me with. But why did I need to see it? What happened to the other people I spoke to? They ran about a half mile from where I first saw them and yet, when I went back outside less than a minute later, they were gone. Where did they go? Isn't it human nature to stand around talking about something so unusual? Yet none of this seemed strange to me two nights ago when it happened. This has changed me forever. Even though I've always believed t! here is life on other planets, this made it much more real than I could have imagined!"
"Large, low flying object spotted in Onekama, Manistee and Ludington by many residents on Tuesday 10-29-2013 at 8pm. Watching tv, home alone with my dog.  Dog sits up and is listening to something.  I turn down the tv and immediately hear a low steady hum.  I then am seeing 2 red lights right in front of my house in the air, yet low to the ground and moving slowing west.   We spring to the front door and stand on the steps and watch as this large object moves slowly right in front of me and starts turning south just yards, yards from my house.  The dog is barking like nuts, we run through the house to the back deck and watch as it continues south.  Moving slow and steadily with just a low hum.  One red light on the front and one blinking red light at the rear.   It passed over a tree line on the edge of our property and then I cannot see it anymore.  Heading I thought toward our small airport...following M-22 toward US 31.  Low enough that after it had gotten past the trees, I lost sight of it.  I live in the country, no street lights, there was just a sliver of a moon, no stars--extremely dark of course.  I couldn't make out an exact shape, yet I had this feeling it was huge, possibly the size of a football field.  I couldn't really see the entire object straight on, making me think it was HUGE.  After talking about this all day on Facebook, many people have come forward and had seen the exact same thing.  From Onekama to Manistee to Ludington.  I was so transfixed and in shock and awe, I couldn't even believe what I was seeing with my own eyes.   What the hell was this???  So what is it???  I was unable to get a photo...too dark, too surprised!!!!"
"We were sitting out when my wife noticed a very bright star.  She informed me of it and we began watching it together.  I went inside and grabbed my camcorder. I was able to locate it on my camera and while propping my elbows on my step ladder I managed to capture some great footage.  I was a sphere shape and it kept changing colors"
"3 to 4 ft long,gun metal color,very load shook home and us,could sit still above us, was seen two years Very load shook home and us.  Went from very fast to full stop above us. Went silent then reved up and moved away slowly.UFO was 3 to 4 ft long and above me and my father about 15ft.  Came back one year later at near same time.  My brother was home alone and heard the chickens going crazy, looked out and saw a shadow circling on the ground.  He went outside with a 22 rifle to get what he thought was a Hawk.  Said he was on a hill and the hair stood up on his neck, he felt like he was being watched, he then looked up and saw it 4 to 5 ft away from him. It was never seen again ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Fast moving and jumping  white metallic ball in the sky that was seen for about 5-10 min I saw something in the sky.  At first I thought it was an airplane as we live close to the airport.  This thing was flying toward me.  It was intriguing because I couldn\u2019t see any wings of the \u201cairplane\u201d.   I called attention of my husband and it was also strange looking thing in the sky.  I brought the binoculars and saw a white bright ball in the sky going from south to north direction.  Then it changed its course to east.  It was jumping and mowing quite fast.  Then it was moving south and it disappeared in the distance.  I checked the sky for over the next hour looking for it.  I saw airplanes in the far distances and was able to see its wings so I\u2019m sure it wasn\u2019t airplane nor a bird.  My husband is very skeptical but today he was very sure he saw a moving ball in the sky that was jumping.  I need to add that it appeared that there was a gray small cloud around it, like a mist. We both saw the same thing.  I\u2019m wondering if you have received similar sighting in my area"
"brightly coulourd olb like a star but brighter. freely moving i was walking my dogs though the field as i looked up at the sky it was clear, a strange object was moving across the sky which looked like a star so i automatically thought it was a shooting star.   However this object was moving to slow for that and didnt have a firey tail and looked as if it was not on a straight course like a plane it looked to freely moving. after a min or two of watching it, it just kinda faded. im 21' and i have nvq uni standerd levels. non smoker non drinker."
"Triangular shaped craft seen hovering near a highway.  Large and did not move. It was dark. On Rt.100, looked up and saw some planes high in the sky, with their flashing lights.  To my right above some building, aprox. 150-250yds high, was a large object.  Couldn't really see the body.  I was able to see a triangle of lights.  At first I thought it was a plane because the airport was not too far from the area.  However the lights never moved!  It was as if it was hovering in the same spot. Seemed quite large, maybe the size of a normal passanger plane...except possibly wider.  The thing that just confused me was that it never moved and how low it was to the ground.  This was in a suburban area near a small highway.  Only one object was observed, and it was too dark to see any detail of the \"craft\", however the lights were very visible.  Looked like it would be a triangle."
"saw huge \"falling star\" I went to retrieve groceries from my car.  It's very dark in the driveway, no street light.  I can see lots of stars for being in town.  From NE to SW a huge \"falling star\" flashed across my upper perihelial vision, since I wasn't looking directly into the sky.  It had a large \"misty aura\" around it.  About the size of my fist at arm's length.  No sound as it disappeared behind the tall hill beside \"Castlerock\" (lava outcrop).  I don't know what I saw but it didn't leave the Feeling in me that it was actually a meteorite - mostly because of that huge glow."
"Response to orange balls of light seen: I've seen them since 2004 I have seen these orange balls of  lights over the valley south of my location, that of which being Scottsdale. I am guessing that they were located over Chandler or the Queen Creek area. I have always viewed them at around 9:00 at night around 5 times since February of 2004. The last time I saw them was September of 2005.  My father used to be a pilot for many years and he too is unsure of what they are. He knows  that they are not flares since they stay at the same elevation for the entire 20min or so that they are in the sky and no smoke. When they disappear they simply blink out. I usually see a minimum of 2 lights parallel to one another, but I have seen 3 before.  I had never intentionally looked for these lights, each instance I just so happened to see them. I wish we knew what they were, but who knows if we will ever find out. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright, white vanishing light spotted in rural Berea, Kentucky. On Friday October 23rd, 2009 around 6:00 to 6:30 p.m. sometime far before the sun had started to set and dusk started to settle in, I observed a strange white light in the Eastern sky that seemed to be located somewhere in between Smith Lane and the end of Blue Lick Road in the rural Bobtown/Kingston area in Berea, Kentucky.  It looked just like a bright, white star in the daylight, moving quite slowly. I observed this peculiar anomaly for about a minute and a half before it finally vanished behind a distant tree line.  It did not reappear after vanishing into the treeline."
"Very green light appeared and fell straight down I saw a very green light appear while looking due east (we are in between Martinsburg and Hedgesville)  It fell downward.  It looked like something fell out of the sky.  It may have been a meteorite, but it didn't have a long tail, and it just appeared, not streaked.  A few seconds afterward, there were aircraft flying nearby. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"object changing shape(maybe)splitting into two. sat outside with binoculars to look for ufos.within five minutes caught sight of a bright white light north east at an elevation of about 50 degrees.in binoculars the object seemed like a cluster of balloons,except for the way it glinted and changed shape.for a few seconds i put the binoculars down,to scan the patch of sky in a wider view.when i turned my attention back to the object,it had gone.i quickly scanned the vicinity with my binoculars and caught sight of it again.however,there were now two objects,with one leaving the other standing.the second object then accelerated to catch up with tthe first one,and they both flew south at a very high speed.weather was very warm,cloudless,no wind."
"Two aircraft flying in tandem with flashing white lights going roughly 350 MPH. Tonight at 8:56 (or 20:56) while driving from Saginaw to Bay City two aircrafts were spotted, flying in tandem at roughly 350 MPH near Amelith Road Bay City, Michigan.  The lights were flashing at 1 millisecond intervals and were white.  The crafts were apparently going straight ahead, then turning towards the direction of the airport, where we lost sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Single crystalline light in sky, changing colors, moving slowly. A crystalline, bright light that seemed to have no substance was observed low in the western sky.  The light changed color from red to magenta to purple to blue and appeared to be like that of reflected laser light, having a somewhat grainy quality.  The colors seemed highly artificial and unnaturally monochromatic and pure. The light appeared stationary in the sky, changing colors, then slowly moved smoothly and laterally to the right (north) for a short distance.  Then it moved back to the left (south) in such a way as to suggest that it was unstable, like a radio-controlled helicopter being poorly operated.   Finally, it moved south and disappeared behind the tree line. ((NUFORC Note:  The party who submitted the report elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact the witness.  PD))"
"Philadelphia - Seen UFO We were walking around Ben Franklin Parkway, on our way to the Franklin Institute, and my friend pointed to the sky and pointed to a \"blimp\".  I don't know what it is about blimps that always make people want to look up and watch them, but i looked.  I didnt really see a blimp though.  It looked like one, but there was no tail thing, no pilot area, and especially no ad on the side. Before i actually thought it could be something other than a blimp, it spun around horozontaly, and disapeared.  It was pretty freaky, and i think we were the only two to see it.  Does anyone here have answers?"
"Unknown object that flies above us, below the clouds,  bright, sunny day. Travels quickly,  then disappears. Good afternoon, June 16th, my mother called me quickly to come see something strange in the sky.  She quoted seeing antennas on some craft.  I went outside to see this amazing object traveling at an angle.  Like it wasn't vertical,  or horizontal, it was quite strange.  It was long in width (by the way it was traveling).  I believe I also saw some form of sphere in the middle.  I really hope they can share my photo on the web. As it passed above us,  below the clouds, nice sunny day.  I took out my phone and happen to take a one second video! I have an image of what we saw.  I'm excited and share the photo with my close relatives to tell me, what I saw. The object traveled quickly,  and made no sound.  At one point I thought maybe that's an eagle.  I'm not far from the river.  But it did disappear.  If I didn't have this picture, I'd be wondering my entire life."
"red ufo   I was smoking in the back yard and seen the same ufo my 13 year old niece recorded with her Ipod on New Year's 2012 utube (Ipod ufo).  On January 13, 2012, it was mostly red and alittle further off.   The ufo was on the westside of the house flying east, then got bright white as it changed course and flew vertical at a faster speed."
"black diamond shaped ufo seen over hovering about 300-400 feet over city. It was 9:30 and it was a crystal clear blue sky, sunny day.  I was walking by the window at work and i casually noticed a black crow flying by and it caught my eye, so i looked at the bird and after it had passed the window i noticed a black diamond shaped object off in the distance.  The object also caught my eye because it wasn't moving, instead it just sat there.  It was then that I took the time to go outside in the parking lot for a better look. Immediately I noticed that it was not moving up or down or left to right.  It was however, rotating in place slowly. I was trying to make sense that maybe this was a kite, but there was no wind and it was clearly rotating.  Plus, the area at which it was hovering over was all industry and a very busy intersection, so no kid would be flying their kite in that area.  Then, i decided to get a few employees to come look at it to see if they would have an answer.  They were just as stunned as me. I even got a customer to co! me look at it and they too were stunned.  As I focused more and more on its detail, I noticed it had a haze around it and the surface reflected light because when an area of the object rotated into the light, it reflected it, looking smooth and metallic. There may have been a light on one tip of the \"diamond' but I couldn't be for sure.  Eventually it started to drift to my left and up slowly, and it got to about 600 ft or more, and by this time I knew it couldnt have been a kite because it crossed over the busy street it was hovering over and drifted like 1 block left. no kite string could be that long. This area is a very busy place and other people had to have seen this that morning."
"blue flashing light that hovered then moved It was 11:30pm and I went outside to smoke. I was looking at the moon and looked to the west I saw a blue flashing light.It was as bright as a star.I thought it was a satellite. It was to high to be a helicopter and it was not a plane.  I called for my daughter and she did not know what it was either.  I continued to watch the light blink for 5 mins and it started to move west and dissapered. My husband and niece saw the same light a few nights ago. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"DATE 09/06 CITY Westnewfield Maine Duration 10 minutes Summany Diamond shape oubject bright base yellow ring around the top I was traveling south headed to work on RT 11 at about 4:50 AM.  I noticed a light to the left side of my car from time to time throught the trees.  I drove a little more then a mile and reached the blueberry fields, when I noticed a bright diamond-shaped object with a lighter yellow band around the top part.   It was a very dark morning and showed up very bright it was about a 100 to 200 feet off the ground and about .5 miles off to the west.  I had my smart phone with me in my drink holder pulled it to the windshield and snapped a picture of the object,the object vanished as the picture was being taken. I never saw this object again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Slow Moving Light West of Washburn On 1/25/2014 at approx. 2330 hours I observed a light in western sky.  It was at a very high altitude.  The light was brighter than any stars in the area and it moved slowly.  It also would come to a complete stop and hover.  When it was moving, a bright light would appear on to extend from the light.  It would move in the opposite direction from the side of the light extended out from.  I suspect I was observing some sort of thruster being utilized when I observed this.  However, I was not close enough to make that determination. The light came to a stop and hovered for about 5 minutes.  It then rapidly began gaining altitude until it was no longer visible.  I videotaped a few minutes of the phenomena however the video is of poor quality.  The total time I observed it was approx. 10 minutes and light did not return while I was out in the area once it gained altitude and was out of sight."
"1round Orange Redish Ball.  Traveled South to North over Duck Key at a slow speed. Upon examination with 10X binoculars it had a weave pattern encircling the object. It seemed to pulse and held the same altitude until it suddenly disappeared."
"Saucer like ship in the sky that was hovering unnaturally and made a immediate vertical ascent. I was waiting for the bus and saw this strange silver, shimmering disk with blue lights around it.  I was baffled and frightened.   I am confident it was not a plane.  I know what I saw, and it was not any type of plane.  It moved in an unnatural way hovering and then shot straight up at an astounding speed.   However after it left, I realized I missed my bus, and I was ten minutes late for school.  And have been having nightmares of waking up at night and seeing a strange beings at the foot of my bed.   This is not a hoax so please don't think it is I'm not making any of this up."
"four fireballs moving rapidly south at 9:45pm CST west of Chicago First, I wish it to be known that Morris Municipal Airport (http://www.airnav.com/airport/C09)  is 2.8 miles due north of our location.  It is a very small airport that does not handle large aircraft or carrier lines. At roughly 9:45pm CST my wife and I were in our front yard.  We were walking past the front of our house passing south when we saw two odd shapes in the sky, quickly followed by one, then another. My best description is that all four shapes were identical, and looked like fireballs, each of which cast a tail of radiation in its wake that made each object look vaguely like a glove with the fireball at the palm and the fingers (four or five) trailing in the wake (my wife saw something very similar, but not in as much detail).  They were orange-yellow, about the shade of fire you'd see from a campfire. I have no way of gauging their size nor distance from the earth's surface, except to say that 5 or 6 of them grouped together would have been enough to blot out the moon from our view. We initially saw one of the shapes moving directly overhead, due south.  Then another shape seemed to appear directly overhead (or simply fly into our field of vision), then another.  At around the same time we observed the third shape overhead, we realized there was another such shape further off in the southern sky. All four shapes continued rapidly due south until they disappeared from our sight.  They did not disappear over a horizon, nor were they obstructed by trees or buildings, but rather they seemed to fly straight off into the sky until they became too small to see. We initially thought they may be skydivers, but couldn't explain the intense fire.  We also thought they might be hot air balloons, but we both concluded they were moving fast enough that we couldn't hope to catch them in our truck, even if we drove rapidly in a straight line after them.  We heard no sound from them whatsoever."
"SOHO website shows daily sightings of motherships near our sun. Please check the  government website: http:www.sohowww.nascom.nasa.gov    Check the LASCO C2 list of individual images; 1024 X 1024 and enlarge for Aug. 26, 06;  05:42  Also; sightings are readily apparent if you choose the MPEG function and run thru the LASCO C 2 and the LASCO C3 for the past several days. LASCO C 3 images include:  Aug. 25: 17:48;  Aug. 25; 06:36,  Aug. 24; 20:57, 19:00 and especially 14:12.  These images have been occuring almost daily since early March , 2006.  There are literally thousands in my collection at this time.  I am somewhat astonished that  researchers have not noticed this daily \"sighting\" event. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the objects may be optical aberrations.  Probably not gigantic UFO's, we suspect.  PD))"
"Orange fireball traveling south to north, slower than meteor and faster than aircraft. \"Fireball\"  Size: relatively large.  About 10 X Venus.   Color:   orange, flickering faintly.   Shape:  circle or sphere, no tail.  Speed:  much slower than satellite or meteor, much faster than aircraft.  Straight-line south to north, no apparent change in speed or direction.  Altitude:  difficult to guess.   Observing conditions: outdoors, clear night sky, little light pollution."
"My friends and I where jokeing around outside and i got shoved and fell then I saw the craft it was moveing about 100-200 mph at proubly 500-600 yards high note the hight and speed was a guss. The yellowish or orengeish craft was seen for about 5 min it flew a straight path and i showed my freinds it disapered above some trees and it had a oval shape ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"I saw a odd formation over hwy 41 We saw 3 bright pink lights in a triangular formation heading parrallel to HWY 41 E around 9:30 pm. They were definatly not military as they made radical direction changes without breaking formation including sudden stops and straight high speed drops. After a few seconds the light faded out of view."
"Sphere with Red and Green lights hovering over Ross Barnett Reservoir in Madison, MS. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides a minimum of information, so we can only guess at what he might have witnessed.  However, We wonder whether he might have been observing a so-called \"twinkling\" star, and possibly the star, Sirius.  We don't know what time Sirius might have risen above the southeast horizon, in the area where the sighting occurred.  PD))"
"Two witnessees saw 3 bright incandescent colored balls of light in northeast Nebraska. Both witnesses looked to the sky at about the same time. We witnessed 3 large incandescent colored balls of light starting close to each other and then moving horizontally farther apart at the same rate, speed, and distance. We do not have a guess on their height relative to the ground; though each light appeared to be at exactly the same height.  We witnessed this approximately 2 miles from what appeared to be the area below the lights. The lights were visible for a total of almost 5 seconds before they disappeared. We could not tell if they burned out or moved away but they disappeared over at time span of about 1 second; all at what appeared to be the exact same time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Large illuminous jellyfish Myself and my husband went outside the back of our house to have a cigarette, I looked up to the sky to see the stars I noticed a bright light and thought it was an plane as we see them often, it didn't move like a plane it was stationary with red, blue, white, orange lights going from left to right along the length of it.  my husband went to get his binoculars to get a better look at the strange lights all the while it didn't move,  we both looked and were amazed to see a very large jellyfish shaped object with illuminous lights of different colours,  my husband thought he saw smaller objects going in to the largest object, but couldn't be sure,  we watched it for a good hour then went to bed"
"Numerous green lights form line then scatter, followed by loud boom. Roughly a thousand tiny green lights in the sky moving the in the same directions at first, then slowly moving into a line, then quickly scattering.  Followed by a loud explosion type boom from the direction the lights were last seen."
"Big bright white sphere over the sky that looks bigger than a full moon, without making a sound. On July 16, 2016, I went to Satellite Beach with my family at the board walk we stop to take some family pictures, my camera caught a big round white sphere next to the sun, for an instance I thought it was the moon, but I turned my head and was able to see the moon clearly on the other side, then I took another picture of this strange body that looked like another planet, but bigger than the moon, I do have pictures of this sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Lens flares.  PD))"
"Spherical object travelling south, intermittently flashing/reflecting yellowish/whittish light in varying intensity. Metallic spherical object travelling south, close to zenith, in straight course then turned east. Intermittently flashing/reflecting yellowish/whittish light in varying intensity and luminousity. Too high to be an aircraft (fixed or rotary and no sound and contrail), too low to be a satellite (besides it's still daylight), too big to be a mylar balloon but going against prevailing winds? Cannot locate again after I change position."
"Silver-grey balloon clusters at very high altitude, at high speed Per Mr. Davenport's request, I am submitting this report about seeing some balloon-like objects.  From 1984 through 1987, while living in the Monterey Bay Area, I observed several times what appeared to be flights of balloon clusters at very high altitudes passing eastward over the Central California Coast.  Most were too far away and too high to see much, even with 7x binoculars. Only one time did they pass directly overhead and seemed close enough to see them better.  The clusters appeared to be several silver-gray, featureless balloons in tight formations and appeared to be straight eastward moving very rapidly, like a jet. They also seemed to be moving around, rotating around each other in rather unballoon-like ways but I am uncertain of this because of they were so far away.  I did not think much of these sightings, assuming that they were some sort of new fancy style of balloon, travelling in the jet stream, until I found out that others had seen very similar objects from relatively close by. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  One of three seemingly high-quality sighting reports from same source.  PD))"
"crazy flying things! there was a tornado that had gone through my dads girlfriends back yard,her house sits on a hill so her back yard is at the bottem of the hill its almost like a huge creek that runs through it with a pond. but after the tornado there was no water left.  a couple of days later i came over there to help my dad clean up the mess. i had just gotten there and started to help cut some of the fallen trees, soon the neighbors had come over and started to ask us if we could help them place there camper on there land. they had there backs truned to the back yard and we were facing them looking towards the back yard. all of a sudden i saw this small bright metal disk flying in the sky but not that high it was lower, so it was just above the hill. then like 2 seconds later another one came, then a few more seconds later they came back crossed over each other and were gone.it was almost as if it was looking around to see what happend or something. i couldnt believe what i had seen so i didnt say ne thing but i looked at my dad and he was looking at me like he had seen it too. we didnt say nething while the neighbors were there becasue we didnt even believe it ourselves and im sure if we would have said something they would have thought we were crazy. but once we had gotten inside we both told each other what we had seen i was very freaked out and i still am. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"white orb moves into cloud Well this isnt too fascinating, but it is definate and accurate. At around 4:15, July 12th 2006, I walked to my car. It was a bright day, blue sky and some white clouds here and there. I looked up and saw a small white orb move into a cloud. I waited for it too come out for 2 minutes and it never did. I seen it for 3 seconds move at a slow-medium pace and enter a cloud in a straight line. At the current speed and trajectory, it should of exited the cloud in 3 more seconds but it never did."
"4 cigar shaped craft hovering over newport one then three individuals was outsode on a clear dark night and saw sone stars start to move and opon further examination concluded that they were large cigar shaped craft ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"i believe what my family saw was a ufo my wife, son and myself were home i was cooking on the grill witch is right outside slider doors,i go and out of house waiting for food to cook,went out to get food off grill and saw two round shaped lights following eachother very slow just over the tops of tree line,i told my wife to get my banoculars when i looked through them i knew it was nothing i had ever seen before,i passed to wife to look and she did not know what it was.  I then passed to my 11 year old son and he starts saying to his mother and me its a ufo,we watched them stay in perfect form for about 2 minutes and they were gone i even had a officer come to my home because i reported what we saw."
"Silent, Triangle shaped craft over Tacoma, WA February 27, 2008 12:35 AM:   UFO Sighting or Secret Aircraft?  At 12:12 or 13 AM this date I witnessed a delta shaped aircraft or whatever of some kind over Tacoma, WA that was totally silent and a medium grey slightly towards the light grey side.  Just a little darker than the cloud that it flew over. I followed my wife outside with our dog for her last potty break before we planned on going to bed.  She and the dog went out the back door, which faces east.  I followed and stopped at the edge of our back porch to light a cigarette, but before lighting it, I looked to the east, up into the sky. I saw movement and noticed a triangle shaped craft at what I estimate to be 1500 to 2000\u2019 in altitude about three seconds before it flew over a small cloud from south to north where it became invisible due to the color of the craft, and the thickness of the cloud.  As it moved north, I was able to see movement through thin spots in this cloud, but only two times.  The total time of this sighting did not last more than 5 or 6 seconds. This craft was moving at about 200 to 250 mph.  I base this on the fact that C-17s from McCord AFB fly over my home every day of the week, usually with full flaps and gear down, doing touch and goes. I do not know the speed of the C-17, but if for touch and goes with flaps and gear, I think they are traveling at about 200mph or a little less. A very large fir tree sits on the block just to the east of me.  When standing in the same place on my porch, extending my arm full out and placing my thumb on the top of the tree and where my little finger ended with my fingers spread out is the altitude this craft was at. With my hand spread out like that, my little finger will be on Orion and my thumb just shy of Sirius. There were no signs of any lights on this craft and it moved in a straight line and was approximately directly overhead of somewhere between D St. and Pacific Avenue South that run North and South in Tacoma, WA. At the distance is was from me I could put stretch my arm out, place my thumb over it and the tips of the wings could be seen just slightly past my thumb.  The tail of the craft had a slight protuberance past the back of the triangle. The craft flew in a straight line from south to north. There were no visible lights or marking of any kind. No exhaust trail. Not any hint of a cockpit or any raised part above the craft. However, the most peculiar thing is it was totally and completely silent. My wife did not see it as it happened too fast for me to even tell her until it was over with. There were no aircraft in the immediate vicinity.  None from McChord and just a couple several miles away in flight patterns in and out of Sea-Tac Airport. I am 66 years old, served eight years in the US Air Force as an aircraft electronics tech for radio and radar and retired from a 30 year job as a Traffic Signal Technician."
"Disk shaped object in sky for 45 minutes I was on my balcony and noticed a shiny object in the western sky.  At first I thought It was a plane but it stayed in almost the same spot for at least half an hourmoving slowly east and then back west.  Then it just disapeared. I took pictures and when I zoom them in on my computer it looks like a silver disk.  I also noticed fighter jets in the air right before it vanished.  My boyfriend and I watched it until it disapeared and then waited a long while and it never came back."
"Between 19:51 and 19:57 a single bright light flashed on and off in four different non-linear locations."
"Bright light moving west to east until to high too see. There was a bright light that was about as high as a satellite, but was much larger and very bright, it was traveling from west to east, after about 45 seconds the light appeared to be moving in more of an upwardly direction until the light became too far away to see."
"Blindingly bright lights hovering over Reseda, Ca... multiple sightings? I was driving on the westbound 101 around 8pm in the Reseda, California area when I spotted a blindingly bright light hovering off to the right side of the freeway. At first I thought it may have been a plane flying in my direction at an extremely low altitude. Then the object began to descend straight down, a small but noticeable distance, and continue to hover over the residential area of Reseda. I turned to by boyfriend in the passenger seat and told him I knew what I was looking at. At this time a freeway sound wall blocked our view while I was driving in the inside lane. I quickly shifted to the fast lane and waited for the object to come back into view. The object had to be relatively low in the sky if the sound wall and tree tops could easily block our view. When the object was visible again, all the bright lights had been shut off and now the craft\u2019s anti-collision/beacon lights were blinking, and I could clearly see the outline of the unit under the full moon. Disk shaped, with a protruding top and bottom, with the blinking lights arranged around the widest part of the craft. It looked as though it was made of dark grey metal since it was reflective in the moonlight. We had driven around the craft, proving that it was stationary, and decided to circle back to get another look. In the 2 minutes that I was able to circle around back to the craft\u2019s original location, it had moved higher up in the sky and less than a half mile west. We followed the craft by street and observed it, now stationary again, for 15 to 20 minutes. Every now and then we would see the lights on the craft dim and brighten, then descend straight down and hover. On the crafts \u201dlow-light\u201d setting; I could see multiple colored lights blinking at different times. When it began to move further west, we followed again until it was just a small speck in the sky. We decided to finish our errand in Reseda and head home. We were now driving on the 101 southbound through Studio City, California at about 9pm when I looked up and saw another similar-looking craft with bright lights hovering over the freeway a little higher than the treetops. As soon as I pointed in its direction, the craft took off heading north over my vehicle. Again, we turned around to head north and follow but the craft had traveled a considerable distance and we decided it was too far. I believe that I may have witnessed two separate spacecrafts. It is also possible that it was the exact same craft that I saw in two different locations when considering its speed capabilities and the time in between spotting the craft(s)."
"Black disc shaped object flying across Pembroke Dock. I read previously today on the internet about people using their cameras to capture a UFO so i took my webcam from my computer, placed it outside on my window ledge pointing upwards towards the sky and recorded for about 20 minutes and left the room. I came up when i finished recording and viewed the video. It was at about 18 minutes through the video that i got a result. A round, disc shaped object flew across the sky but does not resemble a plane. It is on visible when seen across the cloud and its black."
"Light taking off from the ground. While delivering the morning newspapers in the outskirts, farm area, of Webster, NY, a white light soared from ground level in a field at about a 40 degrees into the sky.   I did not see any solid object.  Only the light.  It was over in a few seconds.   I do not remember hearing any sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
null
"Soft orange glowing diamond shape with circular center I saw one object flying north to south at a high rate of speed, traveling in a straight line.  It was a soft orange glow, with a spherical center and conical \"tails or wings\" on each side.  The sphere was dark in the middle.  Seemed to have sort of a vibrational appearance.  It was completely silent.   First UFO I've ever seen.  I was pretty much a skeptic until tonight."
"Red balls of light fly low over residential area. Eight red ball of light flew together, low, just above the tree line. The lights passed across Council Rd., heading West.  I saw them just before I turned West, into my Addition.  I watched them and kept an eye on them as I passed each block. Looking South down each street I passed; they were there.  I accelerated to 45 MPH to get home and retrieve my camera.  They kept up with my speed.  I turned South onto my street, I saw them flying slowly over the trees at the end of the block. I pulled into my driveway and jumped out.  I heard my next door neighbor's front door shut, I ran over and knocked; saying, \"You've got to come out and see this!\"  He and his friend were witnesses to these lights.  We watched them, their comment was, \"Those aren't planes,\" as there was no sound coming from them!  I then ran to my house and got my camera, they had thinned out and were now heading North.  I filmed them. (in viewing my video the red balls looked as if they were tumbling).  After filming I didn't see them anymore.   I got in my car and and drove South, to the other side of the addition.  I saw one in the sky heading West.   I drove onto the main road and did a U-turn, parked on the side of the road.  I got out ready to film, I saw it disappear.  It was gone, like that!   I posted my video to YouTube.  I have the video as evidence.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z27zZcS_Lw ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport,  I appreciate you getting back with me so quickly.  I've filmed lanterns before and they will emit a swaying, flickering light from inside.  Also, lanterns will rise in altitude.  These red lights kept their same altitude; 40 to 50 feet above the ground. They were flying (west) close together for 5 blocks,  (They also kept up with my speed increase).   They started spreading out and heading North, when I came back out with my camera and filmed them, they were continuing North, then completely disappeared; lanterns don't do that.  That's when I drove to the other side of my addition to see if there were anymore.  I saw one in the sky and it disappeared as I started to film.   I've had several UFO/UAP  experiences and only reported two sightings, this one with y'all and one with MUFON that happened in 1970, (quite significant).  I've been filming since 2012 and have captured many anomalies with my camera and night vision.  In 2016 I started my own Meetup Group, OKC UFO.  It has been therapeutic for me and other members, as we need an outlet to share our experiences and try to understand the UFO phenomena.  Makes life interesting, defies logic and challenges our reality for sure! Sincerely, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Fast Moving White Rectangle Light with a foggy light hue On Saturday August 4, 2018, in the evening I was out of town in Port Hope, Ontario  Parked at the Port Hope Drive - In I was watching the first movie During about half way through the movie I looked south towards Lake Ontario watching the brightest star or planet   After about less than a minute sometime around 10:30 pm I noticed this white ' boxy ' light appear The speed was extremely fast and noticed a bright hue of misty light around the more solid white object   It appeared only for about three - four seconds from east to west  Then disappeared instantly Again looking in southward direction I know what I saw To best describe it It must of had size and shape like a white rectangle  The movement was horizontal  Please note that I have seen this type before during the day Weird in timing when I looked southward."
"Saw a bright light falling quickly in the sky, looked like something burning very brightly and falling at a very quick rate. It disappeared behind the horizon then began to slowly rise into the sky.   At that point I notice another light in the sky, that didn't seem to have fallen.   Both were pulsating lights, very small.  Clearly distinctable from a plane or a helicopter.  They were both close to each other and moving at a rate and in directions different from that of a plane.  I have a short video of the fallen light rising."
"It was about 60+ lights (estimated) in a perfect line with a few stragglers on the same plain, going west to east at a fast rate of speed.  It was lower then stars since it was traveling in front of them.  It took about 2 minutes to go from overhead, where I first saw it, over  horizon and out of sight.  It was brighter than stars, but they where all the same size."
"Black triangle monolith passed over Longmont, Colorado, in the summer of 1978. My girlfriend, at the time, and I wrer walking across Mian Street, in Longmont, Co., about mid afternoon.  Beautiful blue sky, no clouds at all!    When suddenely the sky became dark, and I replied to my girlfriend, that it must be going to rain!  Her reply was for me to look up!   and how I'm able to describe of what she and I, and others saw with total amazement, was a dull looking black triangle, about 500ft. high,3-miles wide, and about 5-to 7 miles long.  It had hundreds of lights in straight rows underneath the craft. when the sun did actually shine on it,  it didn't appear to be glossy.  It was high enough to clear the Rocky Mountains, right above the \"Flatirons\",  between Longmont and Boulder, Colorado.  As it passed over us, it did not make a sound at all!   Viewing time was approximately 15min.  I can still remember as if it happened yesterday! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates tht date in August 1978 is approximate.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 144"
"I saw a rolling ball of fire in the sky 500 ft off the deck traveling at 80-100 mph. In the month of August 1979 I was overnight camping in Mammoth Lakes, California. I was located 100 ft north of highway 203 in the town of Mammoth Lakes. At approximately midnight to 0100 hr, I was looking at the stars when my attention was drawn to the sound of swirling fire. (It was similar to the sound when you swing an ignited long stick from the fire pit and swung slowly it in a circular motion). I looked to the east and saw a ball of fire rolling through the air at 500 ft off the deck. The ball was traveling at 80-100 mph from a direction from east to west and was approximately 50 ft in diameter. The object maintained its altitude neither accenting nor descending. The ball was red-orange in color very similar to a fire pit of burning wood. The ball also did not strike any hillside and I did not hear any impact after it left my view and hearing range."
"Amber Disk Sighted near Ft. Lauderdale International Airport I witnessed a reddish/amber object approaching from the NE. It was about 7,000 feet in altitude and moving at about 200 knots.  It was about 30 feet in diameter. Near the approach path to runway 9 Left, it dimmed its illumination and went dark. I got my 7 X 50 mm binoculars real quick and noticed he object was still there!  It was somewhat reflective of the ambient city lights below. Just at due east of my balcony location, it jogged around very quickly in the sky for about 10 seconds.  Only moving about 4 diameters in distance relative to its size.  Yes, the stars were steady.   The object was moving during this time. Then it proceeded to continue on its flight path towards the SW."
"Have video, would like you to review it.  Shot on I-phone 6.  Traveling on 95 south bound road was busy, or video would of been better, was clearly watching the 2 spheres dance then separate and come together again."
"Bright orange lights near Mountain Home AFB I work on the flight line at Mountain Home AFB.  We constantly have planes taking off and doing exercises at night.  I am familiar with how they come in to land, the patterns they do, coloring of the lights, etc.   On this particular night I was working on multiple aircraft and as I'm walking to one of them I noticed a bright orange light coming from the South West, which is directly in line with our runway.  I don't particularly remember any of our jets going up prior to seeing the light but could possibly be a cargo aircraft.  Normally our jets have bright white lights, but since this light was orange, I assumed it wasn't one of ours, or the bulb was just old and needed to be replaced.  It didn't appear to be moving but normally their approach is pretty far so it could have been descending at a slow rate. Thinking nothing else of it, I continued to work on the aircraft for about 5-10 minutes and noticed the light was still there in the exact same spot.  Perhaps maybe it made a go-around, but it never passed over the base to make a pattern like they normally do if they miss the approach or practice.  The light stayed there for about 2 minutes after looking at it then disappeared.  I told my other co-workers and they saw the light too, but jokingly played it off that they were aliens.  About 5 minutes later the light appeared again but this time there were multiple smaller orange lights in a formation to the left of the larger light, in the exact same spot again. I couldn't tell if the smaller lights were all individual craft or part of a larger one. None of them appeared to be moving. I thought maybe they could be flares and they're just just practicing but it made no sense that 1, the lights all were the same color, 2. why would they pop flares while on approach to land? and 3. flares die out after about 5-10 seconds but these stayed eliminated for another 2-3 minutes. Then they all disappeared. This repeated 3 more times until it stopped. Nothing ever landed later that night, and found out later none of the squadrons were flying at that time. The light was bright enough at times I thought it was coming right towards us but it never moved from that single spot. There are no other larger airports around that can support aircraft with large lights like the ones I saw, except for 40 miles north west in Boise.  Can't guarantee what I saw is concrete evidence of extraterrestrial objects but they were definitely out of the ordinary and I haven't seen the lights prior or after the incident. Normally jets practice in the same areas and do the same patterns for about a week or so so all the pilots can practice at it since we have multiple day/night shifts. Was really strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Traveling E to W 1 or possibly 2 objects.  A Purple Object.  It was Bright Purple then dark in the middle then Bright Purple again. In the sky from the East approached a bright purple object.  It was moving extremely fast heading West.  It may have been one object or possibly two as it was purple, then dark in the middle, then purple again.  It was moving so fast.   I pointed to the sky for my husband to come and see and it was gone."
"07/10/08 13:46 Chambersburg PA  Mercury Capsule shape  1 minute  Shape appeared near the sun Report of an unusual object that was near the sun on Thursday, July 10, 2008.  I was looking at the sky about 13:30 today July 10, 2008 when I noticed an unusual situation, i.e. a double rainbow around the sun. The obvious explanation is that there was some water/ice crystals between myself and the sun. I went in to get my camera to see if I could take a picture.  I took five pictures from 18 mm to 55 mm at slightly different angles, using automatic and A/DEP modes on my Canon EOS Rebel XT Digital camera. I saved the three most interesting images, taken about a minute apart starting at 13:46.  When I looked at the images I noticed a really unusual part to the first image only. It looks like an old Mercury Space Capsule on reentry, only upside down from my point of view. I printed the pictures including two versions of the first one with zoom. Unfortunately I only used the 3 meg resolution of the Canon\u2019s 8 meg possible so the zoomed images are pretty fuzzy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"An unseen, low-flying object was emitting a beam of light on the ground coming towards us. I was 12 years old and my friend and I were hanging out in the street in front of our house around 6:30 or 7:00 p.m. in the summertime.   All of the sudden, we could hear a low humming sound coming up the street.  It was lower than the power lines and trees.  Then we saw a beam of light coming up the street very slowly towards us.  We watched as it got closer.  All you could see was the light on the ground, no visible shape or object and no where to see where the beam of light was coming from. As the light got within a few feet of us I told my friend to run and we ran into our own houses.  I told my family at the time, but they didn\u2019t believe me because sometimes I would make up stories to get a reaction out of them.  So no one ever believed us.   After I had time to think about it, I realized I had initially thought it was a helicopter overhead.  But it was too quiet and too low.   I wondered about it my whole life.  I wondered what would have happened if we had let the beam actually reach us and shine on us.   Too bad I was young and scared and ran away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"I saw three beings about 4ft tall looking into a cars window.  They spotted my dog an I walking toward them.they lined up, one behind the other and floated one foot off the ground .lost sight of them in between 2 houses.i went to find them, they were gone. help me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"7 orange glowing orbs coming out from the land over the pier heading out over the lake Seen 7 orange glowing orbs coming out from the land over the pier heading N and then turning NW heading over lake St. Clair disappearing into the dark.   We were at a very large gathering at a beer tent with a concert taking place there on the Belle River pier.  These objects caught my eye floating at different speeds coming from inland traveling along the pier and then they all went out over the lake in the exact same direction.   I noticed them right away since they looked exactly like what I had seen in Port Elgin ON earlier in the month (already submitted that report).   I pointed it out to my wife and other friends.   Objects made no noise and were about 80-100 ft in the air."
"IT STOPPED IN THE ROAD AHEAD SO CLOSE I COULD HAVE HIT IT WITH A ROCK Occurred : 9/16/1994 22:00 (Entered as : 09/16/1994 22:00) Reported: 10/20/2004 1:55:51 AM 01:55 Posted: 10/27/2004 Location: Carbonado, WA Shape: Changing Duration:30mins IT CAME DOWN THE HILL AND INTO THE ROAD ORANGE-YELLOW BIG AS A HOUSE 50YDS AWAY  I-165 SOUTHBOUND MY GIRLFRIEND NOTICED A LIGHT UP ON THE HILL TO THE EAST, A BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT WAS FOLLOWING US, AT MILE MARKER 11 IT CAME DOWN THE HILL. IMPOSSIBLE, THATS NOT A CAR OR BIKE I THOUGHT, IT WENT INTO THE ROAD AHEAD, AND AS IT DID IT LIT UP LIKE ORANGE -YELLOW AND GLOWING BRIGHTER ON TOP AND ROSE UP AND STOPPED SO PERFECTLY IT WAS BIZARRE. I SLOWLY STOPPED THE CAR, AND WENT TO PARKING LIGHTS, THEN NO LIGHTS THEN BACK TO PARKING LIGHT S AND BACK TO REGULAR HEADLIGHTS TO SEE WHAT IT MIGHT DO IT RETURN...  IT JUST HOVERED THERE IN THE ROAD FOR SOME TIME THEN IN A STUNNING FLASH OF BRIGHT LIGHT IT WAS GONE. I CRIED. SCARED. MY GIRL AND I BREIFLY DISCUSSED IT, AND IT REAPPERED ON THE RIDGE TO THE WEST MUCH FARTHER AWAY DARK ORANGE AND OUT OF FOCUS. HOW CAN A LIGHT SOURCE BE OUT OF FOCUS? IT THEN FADED OUT RIGHT INTO THE DARK HILL. I FLOORED ITHEADING BACK TO CAMP AT THE RIVER(CARBON RIVER) MY FRIEND DAVE WAS STILL THER AND ASKED HIM HIS NAME AND OURS TO MAKE SURE IT WAS REALLY HIM, HE DIDNT BELIEVE OUR STORY, THERE'S MORE DETAILS BUT NO ROOM FOR IT ALL HERE.  ((NUFORC Note: Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact. We have corresponded with the source of the report, inquiring whether the date shown above is accurate. PD))"
"Saw a chevron of lights moving from north to south while watching for the Leonid meteor shower. Early on the morning of Tuesday, November 17th, 2009 I woke up early in order to go outside and catch a glimpse of the Leonid meteor shower.  I bundled up and went outside.   A few minutes later my eyes had acclimated to the dark but I hadn\u2019t seen any shooting stars.  I had swept the sky a couple of times in order to avoid missing any.  When I turned from the east and was facing almost due west, I looked straight up and something caught my eye. I saw one meteor and then something else.   When I focused on it I saw a total of five dim dots, perhaps lights, arranged in a V, or chevron.  I could not tell their altitude so determining speed is nearly impossible.  They were moving from the north to the south in a very smooth and straight line.  I watched them/it for about five to ten seconds before the ambient light from the city made them/it disappear.   I heard nothing. I looked around a bit longer in the hopes of seeing something else, but eventually got too cold and went! back inside."
"it was coming in and out of focus but i couls see it moving in many different directions,,,we dont have craft that move like that,,,looked like a star but changed colour from green to red to white and is now gone as if it just disappeared,,,,long time ago i saw 1 red orb and 2 green ones,,,the green bones moved soooooooooo fast while the red moved very slow ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate time.  We have assigned an arbitrary time.  PD))"
"I watched a UFO appear flashing as it crossed the sky. I was on my way home and star gazing.  I was at the top of a hill called Radar Rd. and taking pictures and evaluating the pictures.  I saw a UFO appear and start crossing the sky in a southeast direction.  My friend that was with me saw the UFO as well and observed it crossing the sky as well."
"During that day a smell of sulfur could be smelt from Rancho Cucamonga to Upland California. The craft was seen coming from upland towards Rancho Cucamonga at a very high rate of speed with no noise; it was cigar shaped and metallic.  Way too fast for a normal fighter plane from close by Edwards Air force base.  It was flying at a relatively low level and was hard to follow on the street  in a vehicle. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Multi-colored almost straight line of lights, dropped out of sky near east mesa (Ellsworth and baseline) looking west. Almost straight line of multi colored lights, friend thought it was a ufo I didn't believe him until it dropped out of the sky out of no where.  It came back about five mins later no where near as high and I could see if from behind a tree line for ten seconds until it dropped down again."
"Audible humming vacuum sound covered by clouds with orange glow Huge humming sound only audible if outside.  Not the sound of a plane or jet.  More of a vacuum hum.   Clouds covered what was making it with a slight orange glow to the clouds.  After ten minutes the clouds and orange glow disappeared.   If I were to imagine what a spacecraft sounded like, that would be it."
"Glowing white ball of fire over why 53 traveling north. Shooting fireball with gleaning blue light and a white tail.  Appeared to be headed towards the trees then took a quick left and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Saw 7 big bright lights not moving and the were low to the ground.  We were speechless.  As we were getting our phones out the disappeared one by one.  It looked scary!  My husband is a non believer, but he was speechless too."
"Glowing moving  lights in sky. While driving home after New Year's Eve celebration, we noticed a series of slow moving low altitude glowing objects moving from west to east.  All object  made a turn south increased altitude and moved south till they disappeared.  All turned at the same location in the sky.  The next appeared after the previous one moved out of sight.  My wife and son witnessed these objects also.  They appeared close enough to hear a sound from them but no sound was heard.   I'm been a sky watcher my entire life; these lights were different from any I've ever seen."
"I was sitting looking at the night sky when a perfect line of 4 moving lights appeared, I was in awe staring, then out of nowhere more balls of lights keep appearing in a straight line, there must of been 15-20 of these lights moving in a perfectly straight line, one right after another coming from out of the sky.  It was one of the most miraculous experiences I\u2019ve ever seen."
"On the Night of July 5th, 2018 at approx 10:30 PM, I was returning Home and getting out of my Vehicle when I noticed 2 large, fire red pulsating Orb-like objects moving in the sky approx 300 ft above me.  They were moving relatively slowly and very bright. I have never seen anything like it before.  I've seen Drones before and this was NOTHING like that in comparison.  I watched them for about 3 minutes, one disappeared, and the other remained climbing to higher altitudes until it was no longer visable."
"My friend and I were traveling from Solomon's Island on or about 12:00 a.m. and suddenly we saw a bright green light on the side of our SUV . . . we were in the right lane going North on Route 4.  As quickly as we looked, it disappeared.  It was on the lower right side of the vehicle and there was as swoosh noise and it disappeared. We looked at one another and said \"did you see that?\"  We both thought we were crazy.  Suddenly, we looked ahead and a bright green light flashed in the sky miles ahead of us. I have been fricked out every since.  It was faster than a speed of light, the crazy thing was, it was on the lower side of the SUV, bright green light."
"Bright Flash greenish blue It was about 1: 45 am We just finished watching a movie and were getting ready for bed. Our normal routine we take out dogs outside to use the restroom before we lock up and go to bed. So we took our dogs outside. Sitting down on the bench in front of my house looking into the sky. All of a sudden this bright flash appears kind of a greenish blue just North of us. Very bright light up the sky. Tried to watch the news to see if something happened. But nothing appeared."
"I was on my lunch-break during the Eclipse of Aug. 2017, between 1:30-2:00pm, and decided to set my camera up towards the sun.  Only, because the eclipse wasn\u2019t expected for us until around 3:00pm, and unfortunately my break ended at 2:30pm. Oddly, I didn\u2019t watch the video until the following day, and what I saw was totally \"out of this world\" (pun intended).  I saw several white orbs with lights and a mist of particles or gases of some sort. But the most INCREDIBLE sight of it all was the circular Extraterrestrial Craft that darted out of the mist or gas.  It then made an abrupt stop, then what appears to be fire or lights come on or out of it, it then spins in circles for a few seconds and finally shoots off in a zigzag form at a speed that is totally unbelievable! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he seemed to us to be quite sincere, in describing his sighting.  PD))"
"orange firey object floating in night sky! On july 4, 2011 approximatley 22:15, I was walk down the street and i seen an object in the sky i believe it to be a ufo. It looked like a big ball of fire, about half the size of a baby, small but large to see something like i did in this night sky.  The object moved towards me from a far  distantance, it made sort of a circular motion and they back and forth very fast, it had made like a high pitch screeching sound. I then grabed my phone to take a picture, the picture on my phone did not look like what i seen in the sky when i took the picture, thats what got to me,  it then stood there like something was watching me for about 3 mins, and then quickly went away it just vanished into the east sky. i then called authority to seek answers they told me i was crazy, i personally dont belive i am, and knowone belived me, and that scares me!  I as a U.S. citizen  personally did not belive in these type of things untill i came face to face i am petrified, worried , and i need answers, is it what i thik it was?   What did i see was it a ufo, it was fourth of july could it have been fire works?  I dont know, but it didnt look noramal to me!!"
"A friend and I were driving home from work late one early morning in mid-august and were stuck at a red light that doesn't normally change when there are so few cars on the road.  We were stopped right next to a woman in a car by herself.  All of a sudden a huge ball of incredibly bright, white light appeared directly in front of us, in the sky but not very high up.  My friend and I were freaking out and we glanced over at the lady next to us who was very clearly witnessing the same thing.  We looked back at the light which had been hovering in front of us for about 30 seconds, then it suddenly zoomed away.  Much faster than any aircraft can possibly go, and it vanished.  It's not much but it's one experience I will never forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Yellowish star like object. Yellowish star like object moving very slowly and changing intensity of brightness."
"Muted red glowing sphere changed directions then vanished Northwest of Denver in Arvada, CO near Lamar on 80th Avenue at 630pm, I was driving east and noticed a muted red ball of light traveling towards me (west) at the speed of an airplane. This stood out as different, as was not flashing red/white lights and was not as bright as an airplane\u2019s lights. Kept watching through the windshield, and then overhead briefly through my sunroof. Had to keep briefly checking the road and looked away, then within 5 seconds, I turned right onto a side street and parked. I saw the ball of light do a tight U-turn and head southeast. From my point of view, it seemed to slightly waver at times and didn\u2019t appear solid. Within 20 seconds from it turning, it just vanished.  I kept watching to make sure it didn\u2019t reappear and it didn\u2019t.  Total time I watched was about 5 minutes, and looked at my watch right after it vanished at 635pm MST.  It was a clear evening.  When the ball of light vanished, I could see the moon and planet (I think Jupiter) were just to its left and way off behind it.  Originally, the object was coming towards me starting at about 45 degrees above the east horizon and finally overhead at 90 degrees above.  When it vanished it was approx 45 degrees above the SSE horizon.  It moved slowly like any typical small airplane.  (It\u2019s size relative to a star or moon?)  --  from the angle I saw it, it was about 1/10th of the moon, yet I was seeing it much closer at a height of small airplane, perhaps 300 - 400 feet above ground.  Sorry, I did not have time to check Heaven-Above for satellites at that time, but know that satellites don\u2019t change directions or appear red."
"Like a huge shooting star but bigger and falling after a cluster of airplanes flew by. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  We can't help but wonder whether this might be a hoax.  PD))"
"Seen tonight and last night from about 1:45 to 2am.  In sky south east of Bonners Ferry. Bright orange yellow light fading on and off.  Just over Katka mountain.  Travelled east to west slowly.  Was very low, compared to the stars."
"Single light with two beams of light, flashed colors very fast I am a student pilot and work at a local observatory I saw the light through my window, it was a single point with two peaks emitting from the top and bottom, it was flashing extremely fast among the colors red, green, yellow, blue, white and orange, it would flash for a few seconds, then go off, then flash some more I have a video, it's low res and only 15 seconds long and doesn't show the beams that were emitted,"
"Boomerang  shaped  object  blended  in  with  the night  at least a mile long and about four stories high with 6 or 8 engith I was setting out on the balcony on the 26th floor of Binions Casino around 2:30a.m. having a cigar taking abreak from gambling.  My wife was resting on the bed.  I noticed a light from the corner of my left eye and thought that it was a jet landing at NELIS AIR FORCE BASE then I noticed a second then a third then maybe 4 or 5 more, but then I noticed it turning towards Downtown L.V. and that it wasn't planes of any kind and that it was huge, by huge I mean at least a mile long and I think about 4 stories high and it blended in with the night.  The way it turned or banked to the right I could tell that the lights that I saw where engines because of the way it was banking I could tell the shape and almost size of it.  I was out of my chair while it went behind Fitzgealds Casino for about 3sec. and came back into view going over downtown L.V. heading west slowly I felt like I could touch it but it was wishful thinking I guess because I believe in U.F.O.s since around 1953 when my mother and I first saw our first U.F.O. in Cleveland OH. off Lake Erie from Canada, but thats another story.   But back to Las Vegas, I was so excited that I yelled to my wife to come here quick which she did and I asked her to look out in front of her and tell me what you see and she replied something dark and looked smoky or misty like a silk sheet blowing in the wind. The reason I asked her what she saw was so that I wouldn't influence her in any way. The reason she didn't see the lights or engines was because the thing leveled off. To me when it leveled off it looked like some kind of cloak like on the t.v. show Star Trek. It went right over the Stratosphere Casio. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  We would like the source of the report to submit a second report, detailing his sighting in 1953, but we have no means of contacting the party.  PD))"
"Two spheres spotted and flew straight up into space. My roomate and I were sitting in my backyard talking when we noticed two spheres really close to each other about 12,000-15,000 ft up.  It didn't look like a helicopter or a plane. It was also clear as day out so it was easy to see.  One sphere was larger and the other was a small sphere circling around it.  After about 30 seconds it picks up speed and flies straigt up.  I never seen anything like it before and it  is my first time seeing it so it really freaked me out but it disappeared within seconds after looking at it.  Straight up into space.  And there weren't any clouds, so it's not like it flew out of sight."
"5 reddish-orange twinkling lights in remote mountains of California speeding north in formation 0n a recent trip to the ansel Adams wilderness.  At approximately 23:00. My son , my self, and my cousin. We're observing the sky's westward on a ridge over looking devils post pile national park. .. We clearly heard five sonic booms in a row.  (me and my cousin knowing the sound from watching the discovery land at el mirage as children).  We were all looking in the same direction towards the minaret, mountains.  When we saw five twinkling , bright , redish orange. Lights appear.  At about the 30,000 foot level out of know we're.  Four of the objects were in a triangle formation.  With one not far behind.  The objects were twinkling at a very fast pace and appeared to have a sequence of reddish orange and twinkle to a blueish white.  They had no sound and moved north at a rate that appeared twice the rate of commercial airliners off in the distance.  2 minutes passed by and we heard  two jets heading north , one behind the other.  About two minutes behind.with nor! mal sounds and light patterns."
"Oscillating black-ish/gray spherical object hovering in ther sky and disappeared Last night, my 3 friends and I were on the roof in Manhattan.  We had a few bottles of wine, so we were a little warm, but not incoherent.  It was bright out because of the supermoon, so we had a clear view.   My friend, who pointed in the air, then told us to look.  3 of the 4 of us saw what looked like a thick blackish-gray disc, hovering in the air a few hundred feet out.  It was not a plane, because we had seen many moving around that night.   I thought it was a balloon floating up but my friend and I stood up and approached the edge of the rooftop to get a better view and I quickly ruled that out.  What I personally saw was something that looked large enough to not be a balloon, and it was definitely oscillating.  It made no sound, but I did not expect it to at our distance.   I rationalized at first it was a balloon floating from the light into the atmosphere and thus disappearing, but something was off about that idea.  However, as I approached it went from a darker color to gray, and then disappeared almost as if backing away.   We all 3 were very creeped out and thought it was a drone or definitely a UFO.   Still thinking about it, but it moved so quickly away once I approached it, I couldn\u2019t really process things.   Anyway, definitely saw a UFO last night and first time I have ever posted something like this."
"Comet-like ball of fire that could have ben  a jet airliner exploding. We were sitting by our garage doors enjoying the night and watching airplanes overhead when this spectacular comet-like ball of fire went streaking overhead in a Dallas to New york direction. All of a sudden it exploded, like the challenger shuttle did some years ago. It left a large trail of smoke high in the sky for hours afterwards. Afterwards we saw jets flying in this same direction. If it was a comet, it sure was close to earth's atmosphere and exploded coming through the atmosphere. It was the biggest comet-like thing we have ever seen. It was breath-taking. We think it possibly was a jet airliner that was on fire and then exploded all of a sudden. We heard no sound with this. Are there any other reports of this sighting?"
"Dozens of orbs clearly seen cruzing in Pasco County, Florida. Dozens of Orbs December 19, 2008,  12:20pm Dade City, Fl  On Friday I was working in my house. I had to make a trip out to my tool shed for some materials. On exiting I looked up into a beautiful blue partly cloudy sky only to see dozens, I would say at least 75 to 100 metallic orbs headed from due east to due west. These orbs were quite easy to see so I had no need to run into the house for my binoculars. Rather than flying in formation they were spread out but in reference to each were fairly close in the group which was quite a many orbs. Following behind broken away from the group was about 15-20 more. I had about a minute to examine these orbs as they went from about 60 degrees East to about 70 degrees West before they either went into or over  clouds . Their size was about the size of a BB held in your hand. They were all the same size and description. Their speed was as if they were on a Sunday drive and there was absolutely no noise. We are in the inbound path for Tampa International Airport and I could not help but notice that there was no action for a good while. There was very little wind and the temp was about 78\u00ba. The orbs didn\u2019t reflect very much light, that is to say that my vision was not hampered by glare, each was clearly visible. I was able so see them so well that I could tell that these objects were round orbs gliding smoothly through the skies, not birds, as I said, I could see them clearly. Neither were they planes or ultra-lights or swamp gas. They were a mass of silent running genuine UFO. I shook for about thirty minutes after the sighting and waited for about an hour before calling the report in. I wanted to get my thoughts together. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  We believe the source of the report may have been the gentleman we spoke with via telephone, but we have no way of being certain.  PD))"
"Fireball UFO spotted during a thunderstorm the UFO was red and was had a trail and was heading for the ground. it got about 50 feet   in the air then it was gone. it was also shooting some red straight object behind it. there was 1 and it was spotted about 10 miles from a airport. the UFO was blury/haze. it was almost simular to a flare but 2 times bigger. i saw it in a hotel and the tv was on so if there was a noise i didn't hear it. the UFO lasted less than 5 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  Possible hoax.  PD))"
"3 orange orbs over Red Wing, MN I was sitting on my porch chatting with my family, and my brother noticed an orange orb in the sky similar to what he's seen overseas.  He jokingly mentioned ufos. I watched it move west to east moving from tree line to tree line of visibility in a horizontal path.  2 more orbs followed suit after.  There were lightning flashes from a thunderstorm in the general area where they were spotted.  It almost looked like the objects were using the storm to hide, and 1 orb acted as a scout for the other 2 orbs.  They did not have any blinking lights like standard aircraft, or make any noticeable sound."
"Three orange glowing spheres moving quickly accross the sky. As we were watching the night sky, we noticed a fast moving orange glowing object moving from south to north...no sound could be heard and the speed did not fluctuate.     There was no wind to speak of and it appeared to be rather high and glowing quite brightly.   Then a few minutes later, we saw another on a similar path, then a few minutes after that yet another with similar path.   I was able to capture this last with video on my phone as was my friend whom I was with."
"falling objects or debris over Plattesmouth Nebraska Debris falling from sky with smoke or atmospheric trail. Figure 8 trails similar to wings falling in flat spin. Eight mins into occurance object levels out n disappears into south horizon."
"Glowing/pulsating orange light, moving quickly & erratically in San Diego, CA I am an amateur astronomer and member of the local major astronomy association and was with a group of 7 people including myself doing some stargazing in this perfect cloudless, moonless night.  We were busy looking at the Andromeda Galaxy at the moment.  The night was getting cold and one member of the group asked if I had a spare jacket.  So she and I started back towards my car to grab it.  We were about 100 feet from the observing sight when the rest of the group started calling & shouting out for us to look up!!  There it was, at about 9:20pm pacific time around 30 degrees up in the southwestern sky; a deep orange glowing/pulsating light.  At first I thought it was a meteor burning up but then it changed directions! We ran back to the observing sight all the while this object was zig-zagging in the sky.  I loosened the grips of the telescope and tried to view the object more closely.  I managed to see it in the finder scope.  I couldn\u2019t tell the shape of the actual \u201cship\u201d but there was a dark spot surrounded by a deep orange light and it was indeed moving around left, right, up & down.   I had chills running though my body!  The rest of the group was equally stunned.  The total time it was there was probably close to 2 minutes before it just disappeared.   Very creepy!  It certainly is the strangest thing I have seen in the night sky in all my stargazing!"
"Me and a friend of mine went camping in hawley lake arizona which is apache reservation.My friend and i were on our last day at the lake. Around 8:30pm we had our dinner and then layed back in our folding chairs and just admired the scenery(it was a clear night and the sky was full of stars).It was about this time while we were talking that my friend almost jumped out of his chair and said\" what the heck was that?\" I turned around and did'nt see anything.I asked him what it was he saw and he told me that he saw a pulsating light beyond the trees. I knew he saw something because he's never reacted that way before. About a minute or two later, for no reason at all i turned around and looked at a clearing through the pine trees and looked up. There was a bright light up in the sky and a dimmer light underneath it. It was over tree top level. Maybe 100ft to 175ft high. Just as i saw the lights they both started to go dim until they just went out completely. I could see a black form moving very slow above trees but couldn't make it out due to so many trees in the way. It made absolutely no noise what so ever. About a minute later we heard what at first was the sound of a plane, but as the sound came closer it was definately a helecopter. I told my friend that i'll bet him the helecopter was following that object in the sky. Sure enough it flew right above us and towards the same direction as the flying object went. We both just stared as each other and i said to him if this really happen? Nevertheless after this experience, we went to sleep for the night. I hate to admit it, but i was a little nervous that night because i figured that the flying object would come back later that night.....to my knowldge it didn't....P.S.The day before this happened we were invited to a camp fire get together and i over heard the camp host that he had seen a ufo all lite up the night before......posssibly what we saw......can you keep me posted if anyone else has seen anything peculiar at hawley lake? thanks..! ........ ."
"rectangular craft with mostly blue, some red and white brilliant moving flashing lights, and hovered high in the sky north of Macon GA UFO SIGHTING: JANUARY 19, 2012    I am writing to report what I would describe as a UFO sighting.  This occurred on the evening of Thursday, January 19, 2012 at around 7:00PM EST, and lasting for about an hour.  This took place about 10 miles north of Macon, GA.  I would estimate the angle at which I viewed this object relative to the Earths\u2019 surface was about 35 degrees.  As seen at arms\u2019 length, I would say that it appeared to be about 1 \u00bd to 2 inches across and about \u00bc inches high.  It was a straight, horizontal rectangle.  I saw nothing above or below this shape.  Its size as compared to the full moon would be about 1/16. It was seen in the SW sky, and was hovering completely still in mid-air.  What made it so outstanding were the colorful lights moving along constantly from left to right.  The colors were vivid blue, less green, less red and white.  They were intermittently blinking on and off as they moved along.  Then suddenly, all of the lights would momentarily go off.  Then all at once they became a solid line of bright white light with some brilliant flashes of that bright white light.  Then the colored lights started moving along again.  There appeared to be no repeat pattern.  I reasoned that, even though I couldn\u2019t see it, the lights were probably circling around something and I could see only one section.  As the stars moved in a clockwise direction, this \u201cobject\u201d very slowly sank to the right (westerly) until it was out of sight.  At any rate, it was the most fascinating thing I have ever witnessed in my life"
"Strange object in video. Not written report but vide0 is strange. https://www.mufoncms.com/files_jeud8334j/91102_submitter_file1__20180317230258.mp4"
"The craft moved about in the sky just like a hummingbird or a bee.  It looked to be the size of a VW Bug. Early morning on a spring day sitting on front porch(tying laces waiting on bus) a very shiny round metallic object that looked to be the size of a VW bug appeared out of the southwest sky moving fast and then quickly stop and hovered over an open field.  The craft then moved much like a hummingbird or bee.  The color of the craft looked to me like the burnished side of alumium foil (shiny yet somewhat dulled.) The craft manuevered for one or two minutes and rolled out and upward. This movement looked like a jet whose pilot pulled back and to the right causing the craft to turn on its edge while accelarating away to the northeast. The craft looked to be 300 to 400 yards up in the sky.  As it left it crossed the route of the school bus. Several of the riders claimed to have seen it as well. The bus driver denied seeing the UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Extremely fast moving lights in North Carolina At about 22:19 or so I was walking my dog in the neighborhood where I live. It was an unseasonably warm eveing. Temperature was around 70 degrees F. There was little to no wind. The sky was clear. Humidity was low. I live in a small town in northern North Carolina. There are lights from a shopping mall about a mile away and street lamps here and there in our neighborhood BUT on a clear night one can still see many familiar constellations, etc. I just happened to look up at the sky when I observed the sighting.  All of the ligts were yellowish in color and NOT blinking. They were moving in a general S to N line at an EXTREMELY high rate of speed. When I first saw them they were about 12 o\u2019clock position and only took about 2-3 sec. to go out of sight to the N. One has to remember that tthis happened VERY fast. As best as I can remember there were 5 or 6 lights in the shape of a rectangle. Its hard to say whether this was a single object with several lights or several distinct objects. The lights all moved in tandem and at the same rate of speed. What struck me as much as anything was the RATE of speed and the absolute silence before, during, and after the sighting. I am 58 years old and this was my first sighting.  I am a veteran and my son is a pilot. I have been around aircraft all my life and I have NEVER seen any aircraft move at that rate of speed. To cover half of the night sky in 2-3 seconds is MOVING. Now a big problem here is to try and judge the SIZE of the object or objects. I am not able to do that  as it happened so fast. Of course the larger the object(s) was....how far away it was....is all very important in determing its speed. I was not able to do that !  As I stood there contemplating what I just saw ( 5-10 min) I could see a couple of aircraft lights coming into view coming from the ENE heading on a WSW trajectory as we live on a corridor for traffic into the Greensboro PTI airport which is about 35 miles away to our WSW so at night there are aircraft almost constantly in the sky on this line of flight. The sightings were on the opposite side of the sky.  I immediately thought that \"some of these pilots in these commercial aircraft MUST have seen what I saw. There was just no way they could have missed it.\"  There was no mention of anything related to this on the local 11  0\u2019Clock TV news !"
"We saw single orange ball of light moving slowly with no sound in night sky. We saw one orange ball or orb of light moving south to north high in the night sky.  There was absolutely no sound as it moved slowly finally disappearing beyond the trees.  It was bright enough we could see the light well after it had gone behind the trees.  The single light looked to be about 5 times the size of that of a light on an aircraft.  It was definitely an orange light and not red like an aircraft."
"Triangular light drifting high over Madison, AL in full daylight. At approximately 1:10pm I was letting my dog out when I looked up at the partly cloudy sky and saw what I first thought was a piece of paper drifting on the breeze a few hundred feet up and and away from me.  At first it seemed to be drifting with the wind current, but it kept performing little circular, round-about motions and twirling both down and up.  I was about to dismiss it as just what I had initially thought it was, when it turned into the wind and rose in altitude, starting performing circling aerobatics and headed towards a particularly large bank of clouds extremely high in the sky.  Right as it started heading higher I ran inside to get my camera, but when I had returned just a few seconds later it was already out of sight."
"verry large wite light. Was not moving. Very large surrounding area lite up. The larger light changed shaps as it fadded. On the night of 19 September 2009 I was in my front yard putting away some equipment that I had used earlier in the day. I just happen to look up in the sky at that time to see this very large white light that was surround by an even larger area that was all lit up. the light did not appear to be moving all, if it was moving it would have had to be upward but I do not it was moving. the longer I watched this object the smaller it appeared. as it fadded out it was as if you were moving a spot light, the center porition started to grow smaller and the shape changed from round to oval and then just disappeared altoghter. but bthe surrounding was still lite up for a shot period of time and then it too fadded away. reported to the local authories, They confimed three other reported sigtings that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD))"
"sighting in fairlee vt shortly after dark i saw a long strip of lights high in the sky almost a yellow tinge for e few seconds in the northern sky they went out than re-appeared in another location not far from original spot i then scanned the sky for another five minutes and saw nothing i told several friends another saw same thing around same time about 12 miles north of me with the addition of severel familiar looking aircraft right after sighting almost like military jets escorting the aircraft or possibly on the chase ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date and time above, following a telephone conversation with the source of the report.  Another witness may submit a second report.  PD))"
"Red lights over southern Illinois. After the towns fire works my wife and friends where waiting for the croud to clear and my friend noticed a red ball in the distance traveling from the east to south west. It was moving slow and seemed to stay still for about 30 sec then moved again in the same direction and then just went out!   And then we noticed another one from the same direction moving more west and like the first one just went out.   After that my wife and I went to a gas station and on our way back home we seen another one this was much lower than the other 2 and was above our town I was on a bridge and was driving so I couldn't keep an eye on it. It was also moving east to west.   This all occured in about 30 mins of each other.   I've never seen anything like this all 3 where a reddish color and did not flash or flicker and no sound!     Thank you!"
"unknown light over retail store While at work Working at walmart the skies were clear and the night was warm thousands of carts in the walmart parkinglot... I was moving about, the walmart parkinglot with the trusty cart machine pulling lots of carts, My job I start 10 pm finish at 7am people greeter by trade also pull carts, I was taking a load of carts up near the building and a bluish light appears, very high and comes near the store area and moves off in a differnt direction Walmart were I live is near the towns only Airport. Now facts are that if it were, an airplane it would have landed at the airport I wouldve heard the engine sounds, in the distant I wouldve seen more than one light on the plane in this object I Didn't The time which I could not Enter correctly was after 10:30pm on June 14, 2007 Over the years I have seen things here including an object which as appeared over my head not far away but at close range something I would testify to.... I hold a steady job and I get by in life I consider myself to be stable While UFo's intersting at best I have no intention of fraudualent claims I report the acts as the happen in other words I doont make up things nor do I seek to get attention Fact is things do appear and we as people need to be able to report clearly and honestly as possible thank you for your attention to this and other such matters..............."
"Many red lights sited over Oxford Pa. all going in same direction We were driving east on West Branch rd.  When we seen a long line of red lights in the sky ahead of us.  Drove down to the house parked in the middle of the yard and watched these lights for another twenty minutes.  After they past over they would disappear from site."
"Hi, I was just gazing at the sky at the horizon on the East when I saw a light floating in the sky.  First I thought that it may be a Aircraft, but it was just floating in a limited area. Then I thought may be a Kite with a lantern in it, but a lantern will not remain floating in air for so long and that in such a limited area. So I took some shots with my DigiCam at 85x zoom using night settings. The images were astonishing, it was a circular object with lights at the bottom part and a glow..I took many shots, after around 20-25 mintues the magnitude was fading....I dont know what exactly it was.."
"Orange/red round shaped object in the sky.  Looked like a round circle of fire with a fan shaped top that also appeared to be on fire.  Was moving very slowly, but quickly moved out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"there was a flashing ball of light moving in strange patterns and that hid from a plane. i was laying out in my front yard on a blanket, looking up at the stars. it was dark and there was little to no wind.  i happened to look over towards my backyard and i saw a blinking light.  i dismissed it as being clouds passing a star or fireworks or something since i never believed in anything \"out of this world\".  i went on looking around then glanced back over and it had moved up a bit more. at this point i figured it was just a plane or a helicopter since we live near a hospital. i kept looking at it and noticed it moving in a strange pattern.  it moved down quickly, slowly drifted sideways, shot back up and just kept changing its movement.  i looked closer and it seemed to be a white light that was blinking blue and pink and green and would turn yellow once in a while.  i found this odd so i went inside and got my mother. she doesn't believe in anything paranormal what so ever, so i figured she may be able to give me a more rational explination.  she looked! at it and at first didn't see it moving since it was very small and far away.  after watching for a few moments, she said she had no clue what it could be. even my mother thought it was strange.  she tried to get her husband to go see it, but he refused. i began trying to call friends around maumee to see if they could see it as well. i wasn't sucessful. i posted about it multiple times on facebook  while i was watching it. suddenly, a plane was flying overhead.  the object drifted sideways, getting brighter, then shot down and disappeared, reappearing out of thin air once the plane was gone.  i was still doubtful until this happened. i continued to watch for a while and being freaked out but tired, i decided to go inside.  i went to see if it was still there an hour or two later and i was not able to locate it."
"Large Circular Bright Pulsating Light Changed Color from Red to Green to Yellow A very large circular VERY BRIGHT PULSATING LIGHT THAT CHANGED COLOR FROM RED TO GREEN TO YELLOW / IT WAS UP IN THE AIR FOR FIVE MINUTES / IT NEVER MOVED / WAS ONLY IDLE.  AFTER FIVE MINUTES IT COMPLETELY DISAPPEARED.  Appeared in the sky South East of golden Valley, AZ, over the Black Mountains toward the Laughlin, NV / Bullhead City, AZ area."
"Two Triangles of Lights Seen Above Davenport FL Last night, June 8th, 2015, around 9:35pm, my husband and I were dropping off my daughter and nephew to my cousin\u2019s house in The Groves at Legacy Park off of Hwy 27. While we were driving through the neighborhood, we both saw bright gold-orange lights above and behind some of the houses.  We didn\u2019t have a clear view, as we were glancing these lights between houses as we passed them. At first, I had thought only I saw them.  As my husband saw me craning my neck to catch peeks between the houses, he said, \u201cIt is streetlights, babe.\u201d  Then I knew that he has seen the same lights I had.  So I took his word for it and we dropped off the kids.  The kids had not noticed anything as they were in the back talking and distracted by teen things. As we pulled up towards the stoplight on Hwy 27, we saw the lights in the sky again!  Only now, they were off in the distance across the highway on the east side of Hwy 27.  What we saw in the sky were what appeared to be 2 enormous triangle shaped objects that consisted of 3 large and extremely bright gold-orange lights each.  **This could also have been 6 bright lights in two separate V formations??**  But to us, it appeared to be 2 large triangles with 3 lights a piece.  As we were watching the lights and freaking out, I was telling my husband that I knew I had seen something when we were dropping the kids off!  The lights moved farther away together for a few moments, then suddenly, right before our eyes, one of the triangles (3 lights) just disappeared!!  We had pulled onto Hwy 27 going south and keeping our eyes on the last triangle.  We were speeding down the highway trying to reach a particular side road that we could pull off on and try to record on my husband\u2019s phone.**  As we were driving, I was trying to record and did a horrible job of it.  I was so excited/nervous that I never actually hit record, so I got nothing! **  The triangle of lights continued moving very swiftly to the southeast.  Suddenly, as we watched, this triangle just disappeared, same as the first!!  It disappeared in the vicinity of the Omni Resorts golf course. Right as it disappeared, we reached the side road and pulled off near the new Four Corners High School.  We rolled down the windows of the car and searched the sky to see if it would reappear or if there were any other traces of it.  My husband said that if it were any commercial aircraft it would have navigation lights (blinking red, green, blue, or white type lights) like you see on airplanes and helicopters.  There was no sign of the triangle. It simply vanished. I am not sure what this was.  This is not the first \u201cUFO\u201d we\u2019ve seen either.  We are the family that saw a domed-disk UFO on Sept. 24, 2011.  We are still coming to terms with what we saw that night.  Then to see this last night is mind boggling.  I am wondering why many other people who were on the road have not reported seeing this?!  It was very obvious."
"Mettalic, teardrop shaped object hover in the sky above house My family and I were sitting on our deck eating dinner when my stepfather pointed at somthing in the cloudless sky.  My mother and I looked up and saw a teardrop shaped object directly above us.  It looked as though the exterior was chromed, it gleamed in the evening sun.  It was probably 20,000 to 30,000 feet in the air.  It was just hovering in one area.   Suddenly, it moved very, very, quickly about 400 yards to our left.  After hovering there for about 2min it dropped to only a couple hundred feet above the ground.  It seemed to be observing somthing on the ground.   Then the object moved back up to its original height.  And in the blink of an eye it dissapeared over the mountains.  I was so hyptnotized by it that I couldn't move.  I was just transfixed on it.  I had never seen anything like that before in my life."
"We observed lights in the sky in a formation of some sort. The lights were yellow to golden in color.  They traveled over US going north across interstate 70\u2026 and close behind them a 2nd formation of the same type of lights. It was very odd and we have never seen anything like this before. I looked online to see if anyone else had reported or could explain what we saw and have found no explanation. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Yes, correct, the 15th. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date above.  PD))"
"Unusual noise..static feeling in the air; something going in and out of vision. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Silver/chrome round object paralleled my bus for about three minutes. On the morning of December 5th, I got on my school bus and sat toward the back on the starboard side, facing the other side of the bus, looking out the window. Riding across a long stretch of road, I was looking at some early morning stars. However, I realized there was only one star, and it wasn't before long I realized that it wasn't a star. It was an object which was reflecting the sun, above the valley. I noticed that this object was not far away, paralleling the bus. I noticed two white lights on the lower half of the object. When the bus came to a stop, to pick up another student, I was shocked about what I had seen. I thought the object would keep coasting along, but, it stopped along with the bus, and began to merge forward, toward the bus. When the bus picked up again, the object stopped moving toward the bus, and continued to parallel it. his went on for about three minutes, and because no one else seemed to notice the object, I kept to myself. I made an attempt to get a picture of it with the camera on my phone, (a two Megapixel camera, built in) but this bright object failed to show up on my screen, or in snapshots. Later on the bus ride I had noticed more lights. But I realized that these were street lights or building lights behind me. So I made an attempt to debunk what I saw earlier, but I had no such luck. These lights not only reflected and moved the opposite way of the bus, they were too low of a reflection on the window. Anything higher would have been blocked out by the bus roof, or the window sills. Again the object before had distinct two lights on its lower half, and was chrome/metallic."
"I saw  ufo I saw with my naked eye a flying saucer in the sky moving in various directions.  I went to snap a picture with my camera, but it moved at incredible speeds, too fast for my shutter."
"It looked like a bright star in the sky except it was moving up, down, side to side, and in circles."
"Object appeared and disappeared (blinked in and out), no noise, no  colored lights, no wings. Blue sky, near sunset.  Sparse clouds, high.  Object flew N. to S. down center of San Joaquin Valley about highth of regular airliner.  Object caught gleam of sunlight and turned silver as do other planes in similar situation.  Before I could get from the front of my car to the trunk area, the object had flown past going south down the valley at a very high rate of speed.  No colored lights as other aircraft.  Object was blinking off and on, I mean winking in and out, disappearing completly and back on again.  It appeared cylindirical but was very high up for me to get a good look without binoculars.  Area is frequented by regular airlines and we have Lemoore Naval Air base about 10 or 15 miles from that location.  I am familiar with their speed and appearance and that of regular aircraft.  This object was way faster that any jet I have observed or airliner.  I only saw one and there was no one in the area to show or to see it that I am aware of.  I work at a  tomato factory that is way out of town and can see the valley sky without any objects getting in the way.  I have seen objects before, but not for some time and just happen to be looking up.  There was no noise before or after the object passes overhead, and there is always noise from the jets and aircraft passing over. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"ball of light shoots across night sky, then vanishes I was in my backyard looking up at the night time stars when I saw a ball of light shoot across the sky. It proceeded to slow down and just vanish."
"flashing lights moving with no sound in unison. We witness 3 flashing lights moving in unison to the south west.   This display was very shocking as my wife and I both tried to justfy and ratinalize what we were gazing  at.  We both are professionals and I really tried to capture the event  on my tablet.   But, its very dark.  Mostley audio.  Im just reporting what we witnessed.   My wife and I have been married for 30 years and this is the most explainable thing we have ever witness together."
"Grand Blanc, Mi., two lights not blinking in a staggered formation, low altitude, and no sound. While outside on my deck facing east, I happen to notice two white lights, not blinking, in a staggered formation close to each other for about a minute, until my sight was blocked by roof lines at approx. 8:20 pm.  I couldn't tell if there was 2 objects or just one with two lights. It seems it was one object since the lights moved together perfectly.  The location was parallel to Fenton Rd. heading south, near Grand Blanc Rd in Mundy Twp., Grand Blanc.  At first, I thought it was an airplane, since there are many planes near by due to Bishop Airport about 10 miles away.  So, as I am watching this formation it was lower than usual than an airplane would fly in the area, also there wasn't any sound usually associated with an engine. The lights seemed to float.  When looking at the lights i noticed that at higher elevations, there was an airplane to the north and two more at higher elevation to the south with blinking red and white lights.   What i saw was completely different, it kind of stunned me, left me thinking, what did i just witness?  I'll be thinking of this for a long time."
"Large pulsating (5sec) white light in sky above New Orleans for 20+ min. A friend and I saw a white light in the sky directly overhead as I was leaving her house tonight, around 2:40AM in New Orleans, La, June 29, 2014.  It appeared to be holding a position for 5-10 minutes just above a cloud layer that obscured most of the stars, and could not have been more than a few miles above the ground.  The object appeared to be roughly the size of a house (but I\u2019m normally not a great judge of size at such a distance).  I can say for sure, though, that it was either extremely large, or very close, as in, incomparably larger than the perceived size of a star at my distance.  I should also make clear that we never saw its contours--we only saw the light coming through the dark cloud layer that created the almost starless night, tonight.  It quickly faded to full brightness and back to darkness (as opposed to blinking) periodically, every 5 seconds, the entire time it was in-sight. I sent my friend to retrieve her point and shoot camera, hoping it would have better light sensitivity than my iPhone 5S, but as soon as she returned, the light disappeared. We stared for another 2-3 minutes and it did not return.  Before finally leaving, I walked back inside to attempt to see if anyone had spoken with the New Orleans Police Department, but no one answered their non-emergency line.  After about 20 minutes of that and speaking with my friend about the occurrence, I stepped back outside to leave.  The light was back.  This time, it appeared just to the right of the same pair of stars it had appeared near earlier.  I ran back inside to grab my friend and we watched it pulsate for another several minutes, attempting to video tape, but the light was too faint for the camera.  This time, the light appeared to be moving away and then towards us. I thought I saw a flash or two from possible neighboring objects, but it was so faint that I can\u2019t tell for sure.  My friend als! o claimed that the light was faintly tinted blue, and I may have caught that once or twice, as well, but once again, I can\u2019t tell for sure. After a good bit of thought, the following are the points that stand out to me:   1.\t  I have only ever seen a combination of red and white lights coming from man-operated aircraft. The fact that this light was purely white is interesting to me. 2. \tThe regularity of the pulsating of the light (5 seconds between ON states. For whatever reason, this made me lean towards \u201cman-made.\u201d But, who knows?)  3.\t  The size and proximity. My friend suggested that it could be a satellite, but I don\u2019t think it could be so close or so big. I will research the likelihood of this as soon as I\u2019m done filing this report. 4.\t  The fact that the object \u201cdisappeared\u201d and \u201creturned.\u201d I believe it\u2019s possible that there were multiple thin layers of obscuring clouds, and that enough finally came between us and the object that it was finally obscured completely. Thinking in these terms, its return was simply those clouds continuing past the object. From this, one may conclude that it disappeared and reappeared, or that it never left. From this, one might also infer that it was moving slowy the whole time and was not exactly static as implied in the first paragraph of this report. 5.\t  UPDATE: 4:38AM, CURRENT TIME: Said friend just called and said someone walked into her back door (that she negligently left unlocked). She believes she say a T-shirt, so we\u2019ll assume he was human. This most likely has no connection to the white light, but I thought I\u2019d mention it. 6.\t  Apparently, the International Space Station has just passed over us, but that was the evening before this one, Friday June 27 2014 at 8:41PM:  http://spotthestation.nasa.gov/sightings/view.cfm?country=United_States&region=Louisiana&city=New_Orleans#.U6_1aY1dVH0 a.\t  Also, the ISS is described as having a constant white light, and specifically not a flashing light, from the two articles I\u2019ve read on it. That is all!  Decide for yourself!"
"back-tracking satellite I live in a rural area outside a small city, Stevens Point, Wisconsin, where there is little ambient light.  I often sit on my patio and look at the stars and regularly look for \u2013 and see \u2013 satellites. The other night, I saw a satellite traveling from south to north almost directly above me.  Its path was originally like a hashed line.  I attributed this to reflective material on one side of the satellite reflecting sunlight as it spun on its orbit.  Its path then became solid so I reasoned that the entire satellite was somehow now reflecting the sun. So far, nothing unusual or unexplainable. Then, mysteriously, it totally stopped, backed up about 5\u00b0, stopped again, and then proceeded on its original orbit. As many satellites as I\u2019ve observed, I\u2019ve never known one to be able to do that."
"orangish lights floating over a field then disappearing and reappearing later over another field. As my friend and I were driving we noticed a cluster of orangeish lights hovering over a field (they kinda looked like old street lights)  They were about 50 feet off of the ground and stayed there for a few minutes.  They disappeared then reappeared just a mile or two away over another field. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 lights in formation flying south. Was out smoking looking at stars before bed like i normally do. (in off chance i get to see a supernova). Looking west from OSU campus i seen 3 objects flying straight south. At first i thought it was birds but the speed was way to fast and constant. (was over 2x the speed of a commercial passenger plane) Also thought it might be some airplane but the shape of the formation, speed, and zero noise.   While flying straight south 2 of 3 lights (more like glow) where on the west side of formation like a triangle pointing east but its flying south."
"I was traving in the car with my daughter heading north on I 77.  As it got closer to me, I noticed its circular shape, resembling a wheel of sorts.  There were no flashing lights, but a very bright white light was emanating from the middle of the object.  It was moving south at a high rate of speed, but no sound was detected."
"A bright light that came closer to photographer with each camera flash; green, orange and violet haze around the orb. Several dogs at a nearby kennel started barking in a defensive manner.  We went to the backyard to see why they were barking and a bright, hovering light was seen in the sky.  It radiated green, orange and violet auras.   As we began to take pictures, it appeared to be moving closer to our location with each camera flash and then would fall back when the flashes stopped.   I would have reported this sooner if I would have know about this website. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"6 orange orbs moving east to west, sighted over a 10 minute period, in North Texas. About 22:15 (10:15 pm cdt) on July 5, my family and I were sitting outside.  When I looked up into the sky, I saw a fairly large orange glowing orb moving rapidly overhead right about 90 degrees of elevation.  It moved from East to West (retrograde, so was not a satellite) and lasted about a minute.   The brightness did not seem to change other than dimming as it moved away from us.  The visual angle subtended an arc of about 120 degrees across the sky.   About one or two minutes later, we saw a group of three similar objects along the same flight path as the first one.  My daughter used an iphone to take video, but it is fairly dark and hard to distinguish the objects.   About 3 minutes later two more objects passed overhead, again on the same flight path. There was no sound from the objects.  It appeared as if they were glowing from heating up the atmosphere.   They moved much faster than orbital satellites (International Space Station, for example) or airplanes, but much slower than meteors and did not change brightness as a meteor would upon entering the atmosphere.  I am a retired military fighter pilot, retired commercial airline pilot and former astronaut.   I have no explanation for what we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Report submitted by former U. S. astronaut.  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and we suspect that he is a superlative, and highly qualified, witness.  PD))"
"huge red glowing round objects traveling horizonally at a high rate of speed with no sound Sitting on the back of our boat at Main Channel Marina in Syracuse Indiana on 8/15/2009 at about 10:45 to 11:00 p.m. my husband, my granddaughter and myself along with 2 men on other boats witnessed a huge round red glowing object come up over the tree line traveling  horizonally  over us and as it traveled away from us the object totally went black and disappeared.   There was no sound and it was traveling at a high rate of speed.  It was so glowing it almost looked like it was on fire.    We were discussing that it was the most bizarre thing we had ever witnessed when 2 more objects exactly like the first one came over the tree line and traveled the same path as the first one.   As they went over and traveled away from us they totally disappeared at the same spot as the first one.   Wonder if anyone else saw the same thing"
"it was a big flashing circle hovering in one spot. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"static electric shocks felt on the short hairs of my body UFO sighting Date and time of sighting: October 1986 Place: Decatur City, Iowa (Very small rural town, South central part of State.) Time: Around 12 Noon to 2:30 PM Central Weather: Fair, few clouds. I was outside my home.  Something caught my perifial vision. I also felt what is similar to \u201cstatic electricity\u201d on my skin.  It was likened to what one would feel if they rubbed an inflated balloon and ran it just above the hairs of his arm. I saw for about two minutes a large dark purple to black Triangular shaped craft. It was not an exact triangle because the \u201cbottom\u201d side the triangle was just a little longer than its two other sides.  From what I could compare with objects it was near I would guess that two sides were about 75\u2019 feet and one side was about 100\u2019.  It was about 50\u2019 above the ground and about several hundred feet away from me at a \u201c11:30\u201d position if I were standing in the middle of a clock.  It was traveling no more than 10 mph along a path that was heading about 19 to 20 degrees angle.  It made absolutely no sound.  It did not have any windows or ports. It had no markings. It had no fins. It look just like a smooth very dark purple to black triangle. I could see the bottom of the craft but only from an angle as if one is standing at a short distance off the side looking up. About 2 minutes later, (counting time when I first saw the object it accelerated vertically as almost instantly in a 180 degree line straight up and disappeared into the blue sky. About 2 minutes later I did hear the sound of jet craft and about 2 to three minutes later 3 military jets were in my plain sight but at an altitude higher than the craft I previously seen. (400\u2019 higher maybe?.) These jets did appear to have Air Force Insignia on their tail fins but I am not sure because they were just going too fast for me to be positive about this.  I did call an Air Force base in MO.  (I don\u2019t remember which one but I think it was Whiteman? Not sure about the spelling.) I did remember getting frustrated because no person seemed to know where exactly I should make my report to or who to talk to and no one said they had information about whether or not Air Force Jets were flying in southern Iowa at that time. So I just gave up and forgot about trying to pursue the matter.) The 3 jets did fly in the exact area the craft went vertical into the air but they kept traveling in this direction until I could no longer see them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Large light flashed across sky very fast, too low to be a meteor and too fast to be a plane."
"Color changing, soundless sphere over Sunrise, FL. Sphere in the sky over Sunrise, FL, emitted lights that constantly shifted and changed colors (blue, green, purple, red, white) before disappearing.  Slow moving.  Is seen fairly often between McNab Road and 44th St.  No sound.  Often seems low flying (floating).  Possibly originating from the Everglades."
"Two small bright points of blueish white light spotted hovering motionless in NW sky at approximately 35 degrees above horizon.   Initially thought to have been stars, assumed to have been at extremely high altitude.   Objects then began moving very slowly SE in trailing tandem formation for approximately 15-20 seconds, first object then receded from view over 1-2 seconds as if in accelerating ascent.   Second object appeared to perform same \"maneuver\" 1-2 seconds later."
"Bluish Orb exits cloud. I would like to report an orb like object that was on a hd camcorder video while sky fishing.  It was bluish tint in color and was found when reviewing video.   I have taken some screenshots for you to see.  I had the camera zoomed to 12x at the time it came out of a cloud.   Thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several similar reports and photos from the same source, between April 13, 2015, and May 27, 2015.  We strongly suspect that the objects photographed are not UFOs, but we cannot be certain.  PD))"
"Looked like a &#128293; moving slower than a Cessna plane going from the south to North it was continually changing shapes which I realized after reviewing pictures"
"6 lights in sky over my house very loud humming sound I just saw 6 lights flying in a straight line high up in the sky directly overhead. I heard a very loud humming sound and it got so loud it was shaking the house.   They were in a perfectly straight line moving either in sequence unless it was one object.   From the height in the sky I would estimate it was at least a mile or more in length from the front light to the tail."
"Saw a silver disk shaped object suspended in the sky at a downward slant two nights in a row I do not recall the day, month or even year however this event is 100% true. To my knowledge I don't know how his event could have been a hoaxed. The year was about 1981 or 1982 and I was seven or eight years old at my home in Raynham, MA. It was just around dusk time in the front yard of my house when I happened to look up to sky and, at 4:00, saw a disc shaped object. I vividly remember the object as being disc shaped with a raised bump in the middle, silver colored, completely still and silent. The strangest part of the episode was that the object was slanted down at an angle almost as if staring at me. I watched, frozen in awe, for about two minutes before running inside the house to get my parents and a camera. By the time we made it back to the front yard, the object was gone. Moments later we all saw a shooting star. \tThe next night I again saw the same exact object but this time on the left sky. It was doing the exact same thing, just hovering there suspended in mid air at a downward slant. This time I stayed put and yelled for my parents who came outside but when I glanced away it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"There were 2 lights in the southern sky, one following the other, then a 3rd light shot from one of them and headed towards the ground. Two friends and I were looking up at the stars, and we saw 2 bright lights in the southern sky, not too far from the ground. One was following the other one and they were maintaining a very even distance. At first we thought that they were planes, but we noticed that they weren't blinking like planes usually blink. So we kept watching them, and all of a sudden, the one in the back appeared to divide into 2, and the second light separated from it very quickly and appeared to go towards the ground. We lost the third light in the trees, then very soon after the original two that we were watching disappeared behind the trees. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS in formation with Space Shuttle??  PD))"
"June 10-12 saw bright light stopping and going;dissapearing while watching; assumed satellites changing direction 6-10-08 I went out on the back porch to smoke a cigarette around 9pm and while doing that I looked up at the sky like I usually do hoping to see a shooting star because I live out in the boonies somewhat, so I can see the whole sky really good.  What caught my attention was a bright light up and southward, I said \u201cwow that sure is a big bright star\u201d after looking at it about 2-3 seconds it started moving south for about 3-4 seconds then it stopped for 1-2 seconds then started moving again for about 2-3 seconds then stopped again for 1-2 seconds,  at that time I was right outside the door so I rushed in to grab my binoculars, because that was just weird, which took about 3 seconds, when I came back out and looked at it was still moving south for about 4-5 seconds then got dim real quick and disappeared.  I\u2019m not sure what it was; while looking through my weak binoculars I couldn\u2019t really make anything out, I couldn\u2019t get them to focus in time. 6-11-08 As usual I was out on the back porch smoking, not sure probably around 9 or 10pm, and of course I looked up at the sky and I can usually see satellites often, well I spotted one heading north as I watched it for about 8 seconds, it got real bright for about 4-5 seconds still moving then got dim quickly as I followed it with my eyes until I couldn\u2019t see it anymore lasting about 4 seconds. 6-12-08 Weird enough, it was about 10:30-11pm at the time, and I was talking to my mom over the phone out on the back porch; as I was talking to her I was looking up at the sky, and saw a satellite directly overhead heading north so I followed it with my eyes for about 8 seconds while still talking on the phone and I started laughing at mom and looked down from the sky about 3 seconds then looked back up again and saw the same satellite going the opposite way southward, I am just freaked out a little from the past 3 days of weird stuff in the sky, I don\u2019t know if this means anything , but I\u2019ve been trying to see online if anyone has seen any of these for the past 3 days and so far I have nothing."
"Orange fireball witnessed in Northern PA on July 4th, 2010 On July 4, 2010, my husband, daughter, myself, and two friends were sitting outside at our camp.  The camp is located approximately half way between Coudersport, PA and Galeton, PA (not too far from Denton Hill State Park).  Sometime around 22:20, we noticed an orange fireball going slowly across the sky.  The fireball appeared to be traveling from North to (SouthEast).  The five of us were astonished.  It did not look like a plane or helicopter.  It was definitely an orange glowing ball.  My husband and friend felt for sure they saw some type of tail at the end of it.  I did not notice it.  The fireball was traveling in a fairly straight line at first.  Then it seemed to change directions (zigzag) several times, almost as though it was losing its course.  After viewing this for several minutes, the glow became less and less until we couldn\u2019t see it anymore.  It did not appear to have traveled out of view, but more like it burnt out.  It was not a shooting s! tar and did not look like a meteor.  Nor, was it \u2018The Northern Lights\u2019, not even close.  It also was not part of a fireworks display.  It was extremely high in the sky.  For those people who may say it was just too much July 4th celebrating, our 14 year old daughter witnessed this also."
"saw triangle shape,3 dim lights,moving very fast,no sound, visable only with aid... was standing out in the yard with binocualer looking at what i later found out was a twinkling star in the sw sky ,, notices strange triangle craft,no stobes, 3 dim lights, not visable without binoculars,, move from se to nw ,in southern sky very fast  ,, only visable for a 7 to 10 seconds though gap in trees ,,, was not airliner, i see those all the time,, could be military,, my first sighting,,, lived in the city most of my life,, moved out in wild 2 months ago,, what have i been missing"
"glowing light in sky It was an odd sight that looked to be out in space rather than here on Earth.  It was a Pin shaped light with distinct sharpness.  There were no clouds in the area it appeared.  The long skinny light was positioned perpendicular to the horizon and did not touch the ground.  It appeared as a comet almost but there was no distinct fading of the light at any one point.  It was bright throughout the object and didnt have a tail.  Many calls were phoned into local tv stations and even the local museum but the only answer that was given was space junk.  Space junk wouldnt be able to create that perfect shape/light and remain in the same spot for the time period it had.  it appeared in the southeastern sky."
"Two very bright, star-like objects side by side at an angle. Two bright lights, side by side at an angle (approx. 45 degree), near Andromeda constellation.  Thought they were stars, but I know there are no such stars in that area that bright.  Just as I realized that fact, they began to faded.  The one on the right faded quicker than the one on the left."
"ufo traveled at high speed for 2 seconds changing its path Sitting in my car i saw a very bright light in the sky, from the side i was looking it was pretty bright.  i saw it passing in a straight line with a very high speed just below the clouds,about 1 kilometers away,  as i turned away to tell my friend to look at it, it vanished the thing made me thing it was a UFO,  1.velocity was so high, it traveled maybe a 1 mile in 2 seconds 2.the white light, the light was not for seeing in front of you, it was just maybe for others to see you 3.if it was an object coming down from outside earth orbit i would have seen the rest of its path, but it didn't continue to its path, it was traveling in a line with a little downward slope, but it didn't continue like that because i would have seen it when i turned my head, it went up in the clouds and vanished i guess 4.there was no sound, usually planes,even small ones when they go in high velocities,  there is a sound , no sound at all ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
null
"We thought it's a Star but it is a moving Star. spinning, fast, slow, stop, wavy moving look like star I just like to report sightings here at Brooks, AB, Last Night around 11:00 pm till 12:30am. While my wife is washing our dishes before going to sleep around 11:00 pm she saw something out the window, moving flying star, then she told me while im feeding our pet fish, then she go out and check and &quot;it was there&quot; &quot;come take a look quick&quot; she said, then I go out to our deck and saw it,  it was look like a start but its twice brighter, then it stops then few minutes it moves again until it went gone for 2 minutes.  After 2-3 minutes another one on a wavy movement then it stop then move straight then stop then move again it took like 3-4 minutes on our view area but this time its thrice the briteness of the star, while seeing this second thing acroos it we saw another one spinning around on a circle movement then stop then again. on our back corner we saw 2 moving at the same time then stop then move, then saw another one again, the skay is very clear, tried to capture it through our iphone and ipads but cant see it on a video, we tried to capture it a! lso through nikon s01 but is is very small and not clear, took of my scope on my sniper rifle and look through it but it just became bigger like 5%.   Called RCMP after we saw 7 moving object in less than 30 minutes, let them saw the video from our nikon camera."
"Two brown spherical objects rotating around each other Two brown spheres revolving around each other moving from North to South direction at very brisk speed. The entire time taken to move from North to South was less than a minute."
"OVAL OBJECT WITH ELECTRIC BLUE LIGHTS FLY'S OVER LA PUENTE I WAS OUTSIDE HANGING UP A SHEET IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE, AND FROM THE CORNER OF MY EYE I SEEN AN OBJECT THAT WAS GLOWING AND AT THE TIME I THOUGHT IT WAS A SHOOTING STAR OR A COMET. I LOOKED UP AT THE OBJECT AND I SEEN AN OVAL OBJECT WITH CIRCLE AND SQUARE SHAPED WINDOWS THAT WERE DIMLY GLOWING. THE GLOW WAS AN ELECTRIC BLUE. IT WAS FLYING AT A FAST SPEED, TO FAST FOR A PLANE. IT MADE NO SOUND WHAT SO EVER. AS IT MOVED, I LOST SIGHT OF IT BECAUSE MY HOUSE WAS BLOCKING MY VIEW SO I WENT TO THE SIDE OF MY HOUSE ALMOST INSTANTLY TO MAYBE SEE THE OBJECT AGAIN BUT IT WAS NO LONGER THERE. IT JUST DISSAPEARED."
"Blood-red orb being chased by multiple jets. Thursday, March 6th 2008,  I was sitting on my computer and I kept hearing continuous jet aircrafts flying over my small town of Altoona, Iowa, enough to make my house shake. At first i didn't take to much care into it but, it was happening about every couple minutes another jet or some kind of fighter aircraft that was very loud would fly over. This lasted for about an hour or so. Finally i got up to let my cat out on my back porch & I saw a blood-red object that was very high in the air and was not pulsating this was around 9pm. It was very bright blood red and moving in 90- degree angels very quickly much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen.  Two jets were chasing it, well were trying to keep up with it anyways. I was in awe standing on my deck with my cat. I ran inside and called a close friend who was about 5-10 miles away in a town called Pleasant hill. I explained to him what i was seeing and he didn\u2019t really believe me. I stood on my back porch and there were about 20 to 30 different aircrafts spread out every flashing in the night sky. I thought it was very unusual for that many aircrafts to be flying around our small town because were no where near the Airport. I decided to go grab something to eat down the street & drive around and investigate shortly after, there were more and more aircrafts flying around our town and i lost sight of the red orb like object. Shortly after I came inside i got a call from my friend that i called previously. He said that he was outside with two of our friends getting ready to get in there car in Pleasant hill and saw the same blood red object and there were the same jet aircrafts chasing it. But they heard a very silent hovering sound from the red object. They got in there car and turned on the radio but none of the stations would come in on FM they were all static same with the AM, Making odd fuzzy sounds throughout the car ride to my house. They arrived at my house and we all discussed and went over what we all saw.  We all had seen the same object; we concluded that the object was chased by the jet aircrafts from Altoona in the direction of Pleasant hill. We all were standing on my back porch discussing what happened while Aircrafts were still lingering all over our skies. As we were talking i realized about a month pervious on the night of February 16th i saw a similar blood-red object over Pleasant hill on my way home to Altoona coming home from a friends house. I didn\u2019t think much of it at the time but it was the same solid-color blood red orb like object. I looked around the internet for sightings of UfOs in Altoona Iowa and found an abundance of similar UFO sightings throughout the months of February and January and march.  I was positive that the object I saw racing through the sky was not any sort of friendly air craft, seeing how it was a bright red orb of no familiarity. The jets that were chasing it were pulsating a very very bright white light in some kind of pattern so I\u2019m not exactly sure if they were also ufo's or jets. They kept flying around in a pattern with the Red orb like object all over my town.  So it is very possible that the white strobe like lights that were following it a bit slower could have been UFO's as well or some type of military aircrafts. But there were 20-30 aircrafts circling Altoona for about 2 hours after the incident. There was also a very low altitude stealth looking silent aircraft flew over my neighborhood. Not sure the exact type of stealth aircraft it was but im positive it was a stealth aircraft by the triangular lights on the bottom of the craft and it was also V-shaped. Im positive what we all saw was a ufo on account of military crafts chasing it and military crafts lingering around for two hours in the area My backyard is also a casino resort called prairie meadows which the Red object was hovering over to begin with. I hope to find as many others who have witnessed this encounter this is no joke or hoax. Here are some very similar reports in Altoona Iowa. http://unitedstatesufo.blogspot.com/2008/03/altoona-iowa-bright-star-like-object.html 2.  http://www.ufoinfo.com/sightings/usa/080212.shtml 3.  http://www.ufoinfo.com/sightings/usa/080131.shtml 4.  http://www.myufo.com/2008/02/ufo_sighting_altoona_iowa_febr_1.html 5.  http://www.hbccufo.org/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=3779& mode=threa d&order=0&thold=0   Daniel J, Wilson."
"Extra star in the sky... I was sitting out back smoking my tobacco pipe and saw an extra star in the sky.  I thought to myself what star is that.  When I focused my eyes on it, it moved slightly to the right.  I than looked at the other star that is usually in the sky at this time during the night and than back at the other light and than it went out.   It brought a smile to my face."
"Watching Con. trail of jet and noticed what appeared to be a star next to it. Grabbed binocs and noticed shiney metal object in two round shapes next to eachother and turning so that it becomes one round shape."
"Odd light made quick u-turn and hovered. Odd sighting on the night of November 7, 2016.  Time about 2200 local, 0300Z.  Viewer location: Bethlehem, GA, about 45 miles NE of Atlanta GA. Observation time: minute or less. Bright, moving light in the NE sky makes short u-turn, erratic motion, then lost from sight. Looking up at the night sky to the NE towards Auriga, I noticed a bright object moving to the Northeast.  We have a tremendous amount of traffic in the North Georgia skies, and I watch it a lot.  First impressions were \u201cIs that the ISS?\u201d, but at that location it may have been in the shadow by then.  It was farther East than I thought I should still be able to see it because of the Earth\u2019s shadow, and I could not be sure whether or not it was blinking, but the light was not steady.  Might have been twinkling if it was far enough away.  The velocity looked just a little fast for the ISS.  There was no separation in the light and any flashing that may have been there, as in Wing lights.  Distance looked to be many miles. Over abut a 10 second period, it slowed down a little and changed course slightly to the East.  Then, in period of 3 to 4 second, made a 180 degree U-turn in the space of 1, not more than 2 finger widths held at arm\u2019s length.  It continued towards the SW, and made 2 or 3 small deviations in path, sped up and slowed down a lot, and came to what looked like a stop. It was too far away and/or too high to be a helicopter I thought, and there was no sound as it appeared to be hovering from my perspective. The brightness was about that of Capella, the bright star in Auriga.  Motion then resumed but slower. I am not sure of the position of the object to the nearby stars at that point.  I called for my wife to come look, and lost track of it for about 10 seconds.  I thought it was there, but when I looked back to where I thought it was, the only thing like it was Capella. This was definitely moving in a very odd pattern for an airplane, and at that distance had to be moving pretty fast.  The quick, tight U-turn and erratic motions were not like a passenger airplane would make.  I think it was too high for a helicopter, and far enough away to not be audible. I continued to watch for several more minutes, but realized it had disappeared or faded out, and the only thing of comparable magnitude was Capella.. The strange thing was this was able to do a U-turn very quickly - within 3 seconds I'd guess, and it seemed to make changes in direction without the usual \"curved\" trajectory.  It also stopped moving.  It appeared to be rather far away.  My son said \"It could be a drone\", but at 2200, and by the distance, it appeared to be with no noise I doubt it was."
"My family is visiting a small town on Lake Huron, just an hour north of Detroit.  My grandparents own a small cottage in a semi-residential area with other small summer-houses around them.  The area is beautiful and serene, and every evening we enter the dirt roads of the farms across our main expressway to the town's center to spot deer.  This tradition has been carried down from generation to generation, as my family has lived in Michigan since the mid 17th century. The anomaly I witnessed tonight was strange and erie, yet fascinating; an orb of light darted and hovered about 19 miles to the side of of our car for about a minute or less. We had stopped to watch the sunset, a beautiful one at that, and watched the dazzling colors of maroon and orange descend to the east.   However, after the sun set, my grandmother noticed a single orange light hovering in place for about 10-15 seconds.   We watched it for a little bit, but as we started the car up, the engine made the usual raucus noise that it does.  It was at this time that I noticed the light darting up to the right of its former position.   I don't know if it was the engine or our presence that startled it, but as it flew away it began to morph colors to match the darkening sky, and within seconds was gone, camouflaged like a chameleon. I have alway believed in life beyond our solar system, and even intelligent life.  I would have never imagined to see something like this in my life. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 fireballs illuminated the night sky 2 fireball unidentified flying objects within 50 yards apart flying at very low speeds for about 5-10 minutes, disappearing at a distance.   They appeared to be at 1/10 of the size of the moon estimated."
"flahsing red green and yellow, strobing white lights Facing west saw bright object flashing red, green and yellow.  It didn't seem to be moving but we noticed within minutes we had to keep moving back to see it as it was going lower in the horizon.   As we decided to get in the car and get a better look from up a hill, we saw another of the same objects as we faced north again,lower in the sky.  We drove for about 10 minutes and parked with strong binoculars.  The westward one started flashing strobe-like bright white lights and the inside stayed red.  The lights got very bright.  We watched for 15 minutes and the strobing stopped and it slowly faded away.  The one in the north continued to flashing the red green and yellow but never strobed."
"Small, orange light spotted on a back drop of clouds, then diminished and disappeared. Right around 23:30 as my fiance and I were walking out to her car, we observed an orange ball of light in the eastern skyline.  The sky to the east was completely enveloped in clouds, and no stars or other lights were visible that night.  I can't be sure exactly of the size of the object, it was clearly far away as it only appeared to be a quarter inch speck of light.  The light remained perfectly stable, not moving at all, although it flickered rapidly.  After maybe a minute or two, the light got smaller in a linear fashion, until it was a speck, then disappeared."
"Orting, WA.    July 24, 2011  I witnessed Sunday night about 11:05 bright orange lights through my window. I ran outside to see what it was. I saw 5 orange balls in the sky very bright; they were staggered apart as they went by. 1 went into the clouds, 1 went behind the tree line, 3 faded out after they had passed over us to the east.  When they faded I could see a small white blinking light on top of them as they headed east. Then a group of four came up from behind them, and we watched them go by in the same direction. My husband got the camera and snapped pictures of the last group. They were going west to east moving very slow.  They were much bigger than the stars, about 5 times bigger than the largest star out there.  They looked to be only as high as a small plane would fly over.  They seemed to be in the same path as the military planes fly. It was a clear night with some low cloudy patches."
"It's snowing hard our first real snow of the season... I went in the kitchen and happened to glance out the window and I saw these fire like orbs floating from the ground up and left into the sky behind the mouse house daycare city corner across the street...  At first I saw 3 one behind the other and one by one they went up into the sky and disappeared ... I kept watching and then more kept coming from the same location and each one disappeared into the sky... They kept on coming at 1 or 2 second intervals there was about 13 all together... Then I didn't see any more but and each one appeared to be dropping 1 or 2 pieces of fire from them that disappeared as they floated towards the ground... As the fire balls went up into the sky they changed from fire orbs to an orange color before they disappeared ..."
"Red and Yellow Flashing Object Moving Very slowly and Some other 4 with the same Shape Flying like in Formation Saw a Ufo when I was driving to my work the UFO was flying over the city of Monterrey, NL, MX.  The object look like a fire ball very shinning  in red and yellow color, this ufo moved very slowly almost above me  from North to south and when I got chance there was 4 other objects far away from the first one with the same shape and seems to be like there was like Diamond Formation. The one that was close to me was  like a 2 or 3 thousand meters above me and this object suddenly disappear and  like a 1 or 2 km later appear again but this time the ufo split like in 2 pieces."
"White Star-like object grew larger, dropped, disappeared, reappeared, and continued dropping until gone. I was in my car with my son and was able to see a bright star-like shaped light just above and to the right of an easily noticed plane flying by.  I initially thought it was a bright star until it instantly grew bigger, as if it was moving forward while it became even brighter.   Suddenly, it dropped straight down while growing a little larger and seemed to disappear for a couple of seconds re-appear in the same place.  This object then continued to drop in the night sky until it disappeared as if to have landed someplace. My son confirmed seeing the same as I saw and we could not believe it.  We compared possibilities to agree this was not normal and, definitely, no falling star. We are still at awe and my son is an adult too.  We immediately had to get online to find possible reports posted."
"Axehead-shaped silent non-illuminated craft flying overhead at night. While out walking the dog, I was looking at the sky.  It was clear out, with a bright quarter-moon and bright stars.  Looking up and in front of me, I noticed a rapidly moving completely silent craft.  The craft was shaped roughly like a somewhat skinny axehead, with the \"axe blade\" in the front, two fluted sides forming the right and left flanks, and the smaller base of the axe in the back.  The front end, perhaps half the length as the sides, may have been somewhat rounded.  The back end was perhaps half the length of the front end.  Although the craft must have passed almost directly overhead just moments before, I couldn\u2019t hear any sound from it.  It was perhaps nickel-sized at arm\u2019s length.  It did not appear to be self-illuminated, but the moonshine from behind me must have been illuminating it enough for me to see it relatively clearly.  There was a bit of a shimmering appearance to it.  This was not an easy object to see, however.  If I hadn\u2019t been looking at almost that exact spot in the sky, and if it hadn't been moving, I wouldn\u2019t have noticed it.  It was moving across the sky fairly quickly, directly eastbound in a straight line towards Lake Michigan, and within fifteen seconds or so passed out of sight behind the trees in my yard.  I ran down the block to the next clearing, but I was unable to see it again.  I was alone with my dog, and certainly there was no time to get anybody else outside to see it.  I\u2019d like to encourage anyone reading this to watch the skies, high and low, day or night, for unusual objects.  If you see something inexplicable, get somebody else as a corroborating witness if at all possible!  And get photos if you can.  Call the newspapers and radio stations!  And at the very least, file a written report.  Don't just keep it to yourself."
"Two slow-moving very low altitude bright white lights about 20 feet apart undergoing rigid motion make a close approach. Time of Day: 1:30 AM to within about 30 minutes either way. Date: Don\u2019t recall exactly. I will say mid-March 2009, but I could be off a month either way. It was mid to late winter or early spring of 2009. My location: Intersection of 108th AVE NE and NE 12th Place at the north edge of McCormick Park on the west side of 108th AVE NE in Bellevue, WA. NE 12th Place is a small dead end side street and not to be confused with NE 12th Street, which is immediately to the south. NE 12th Street is the boundary between urban downtown Bellevue to the south and the suburban/residential area to the north. McCormick Park is a very narrow park that runs on the north side of NE 12th Street between 106th Place NE and 112th Street NE. Weather: Very overcast. No wind. Dark, except for street lighting. Duration of observation: 40 to 45 seconds?   Circumstances/description:  I was walking my dog at about 1:30 in the morning. I had just crossed NE 12th Street on the west side of 108th AVE NE and had reached the north boundary of McCormick Park which abuts NE 12th Place.  I was about to turn west into the park when I looked north up 108th AVE NE and saw two steady (not flashing or strobing) bright white lights about 50 to 60 feet off the ground. These lights were about street width apart (I will say 20 feet -- 108th AVE NE is one lane in each direction there). They were apparently rigidly connected and moving right down the street in my direction. I will put their speed at 20 to 30 miles per hour, 35 tops. I sort of partially hid myself behind a tree next to the street and watched the lights come right down the street toward me (again about 50 to 60 feet up). There was absolutely no visible structure there of any kind, even though I was really squinting and trying to make something out. The lights were all I could see.  Furthermore, there was no sound of any kind. When the lights got to about 200 feet up the street, they started to turn to their left (my right). I figure they got within about 150 feet distance of me or less at closest approach \u2013 and I still could see nothing but the lights (although they did get dimmer as they started to turn and especially as they started to move away to the northeast). Only at the very closest approach did I hear any kind of sound at all, but I am not sure the sound was coming from what I was looking at. The location I was at is about a half a mile from I-405 and the traffic noise from that distance can be much louder than what I was hearing! at that point. It sounded possibly something like the engine of an ultralight, but exceedingly quiet. As the lights turned they briefly moved to the east perpendicular to 108th AVE NE and finally headed away to the northeast. At some point during this slow-speed maneuver, I did for a fraction of a second get the impression of a dim red light such as you might see in a dark room illuminating part of some possible structure, but it was much to fleeting to make out what I was seeing. Unusual features of object:   1)  Silent or virtually silent. 2)  Invisible, except for two bright white steady lights. 3)  Moved so slowly a conventional aircraft would have stalled.  It could have been a helicopter except for the first two items. I considered, an ultralight, but even an ultralight should have been much louder at closest approach, and even an ultralight would have stalled at that speed \u2013 and an invisible ultralight with bright lights 20 feet apart \u2013 not a chance. I even had a novel theory that I was seeing something tethered beneath a helicopter flying at a much higher altitude, which I did not see because I was preoccupied with what I was seeing in front of me.  My guess: my guess is that I was seeing (er \u2013 not seeing) some type of unmanned surveillance aircraft. I am thinking that if a craft did not have to take the weight of a pilot that it would be possible to construct something that would not stall at that speed. Also, there might not be much of a profile to see. There is still the issue that it was VERY quiet, whatever it was, and I still don\u2019t understand why I couldn\u2019t see any type of structure at all.  Note: there was one other person in the immediate vicinity who MIGHT also have seen this. Without going into details, he may have had even a much better view than I did, but I do not know who he is, and have no way of contacting him. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Fast moving straight line from east to west, no sound, completely covered underneath with dim white light, slower that a meteor, much faster than an aircraft or satellite,  I looked up and caught it at 45 degree above the east horizon and watched it move into the clouds closer to Tucson.  Considering the elevation of the cloud base and a craft disappearing into the clouds I would have to say that it was much larger than any craft I have ever seen over Tucson."
"report edit please im sorry i just filled out a report but i put the wrong highway it was highway 217 and wlker rd. i hope that it gets fixed ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"It looked exactly like the daytime video I've seen from over mexico.  Started out seeing one or two lights moving in a small section of sky,  then many more just seemed to appear and move in bunches back and forth in the same small section of sky.  After a few minutes of watching this dance they just disappeared.   While writting this report  my brother started saying there back there back.  The lag time between sightings was about 10 to 15 minutes.   They reappeared in greater numbers in the same section of sky...probably around 40 total, in cluster doing the same dance.  This second wave lasted about this same length of time as the first."
"Glowing sphere spotted in telescope at dusk. Sometime just around dusk, I was in Adams County, Ohio on May 24th, 2008 to do some stargazing with my telescope.  Before the stars started to come out, I was laying on the ground watching the sky when a saw a bright spot.  I assumed it was a planet, so I spun my telescope over to spot what it was.  It seemed to bright and too early.  At first I wasn\u2019t even sure it was moving.  In the eyepiece I saw a sphere, fairly bright, and neutral colored glow.  I though something was wrong with the lens because there was something that looked like a long string extending from it, with a glowing reddish light on the end, it looked like there may have been a light where it connected also.  The string seemed to swing back and forth on the bottom of the sphere as I watched.  This object moved across the sky for about 10 minutes from about the South and West a bit, heading north.  I estimate it only crossed about 15-20 degrees of sky before it vanished.  It\u2019s path wasn\u2019t consistent with a pass over of the International Space Station that same night, so I\u2019m unsure if this was some other sort of object, maybe a satellite or weather device.  I doubt the object is of any importance; I just have not been able to find any other astronomical reports fitting the description of what I saw."
"3-15-91 Hudson, Wis., u/n  30 min. grey entered  home via bright lite. stood by pregnant wife. daughter born 3 wks later w scar  3-31-15 Mid March 1991, 11pm,we were laying in bed sleeping when I was awaken by a loud noise and very bright lites in our bedroom window. I sat right up to see what was going on and a grey scurried thru my doorway.  I yelled get out but no sounds came out and I couldn't move. I yelled again but no sound,get out, I'll kill you, get out.   The grey ran around to my wife's side of the bed and I yelled don't touch her, leave her alone,leave her alone. I still couldn't move.  All I could hear was don't worry, everything will be ok over and over.  I don't know how much time passed but it seemed like a while.   Suddenly it turned and ran out the bedroom door,the bright lites in my window faded, heard a rumble and then I was able to then move again. I ran out the door after it to the front entry but it was gone.   3 weeks later my daughter was born with a scar on her right side.  It took years for me to tell her what happened.   I'll never forget it as long as I live."
"Bright orangish/red burning object moved slowly above the treetops, then turned & moved away from us & disappeared. We were sitting in our living room at about 9:15 p.m. when a strange light caught my husband's attention.   He jumped up & went to the window & called me to look at what he saw.   It was a bright orangish/red oblong burning ball or at least something that looked like it was on fire.  It came over the top of the trees, but we could not tell how far it was away from us, or even how large it was.  It made no sound.   We dashed outside to get a closer look.  We watched it for about 30 seconds to a minute & then it turned & slowly moved away from us in a northwesterly direction.   We yelled for our neighbor to join us & he was able to see it, though by that time it was much further away & then disappeared out of sight.   The total sighting lasted approximately 3 minutes."
"SHINY WHITE OBJECT IN THE SKY, VERY VISIBLE TO NAKED EYE. APPROXIMATELY 10A.M., WHILE WORKING, NOTICED A WHITE ROUND FIGURE IN THE SKY.  CO-WORKERS WITNESSED THIS AS WELL.  SHAPE DID NOT MOVE FOR SEVERAL HOURS.   AT ONE POINT, WHILE LOOKING AT THE SHAPE, IT DISAPPEARED.  THE OBJECT WAS GONE FOR A TIME LONG ENOUGH TO CALL THE REPORTING CENTER.  WHILE ON THE PHONE, THE OBJECT RE-APPEARED.  NOT SURE IF IT WAS THE ANGLE THE SUN WAS HITTING THE OBJECT OR IF IT MOVED MOMENTARILY.   CALLED FRIENDS AND COWORKERS AT DIFFERENT LOCATIONS TO CONFIRM WHETHER OR NOT THEY WERE ABLE TO SEE IT.  THEY COULD SEE AND DESCRIBE THE OBJECT AS I SAW IT.   BY APPROXIMATELY 3:30, THE OBJECT WAS GONE.  THE OBJECT WAS EASILY SEEN FROM THESE THREE COORDINATES:   1)  LAT-41 56'16.31\"N LON-96 27'42098\"W   2)  LAT-41 43'52.06\"N LON-96 30'5.32\"W   3)  LAT-41 47'2.32\"N LON-96 13'12.51\"W ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness via telephone on two occasions, and he seemed to us to be exceptionally serious-minded, and unusually capable as an objective witness.  PD))"
"Looked up and saw 3 lights in a straight pattern spaced as . . . With a 4th trailing behind like . . .      . Heading East in the sky  ((NUFORC Note:  Space Link satellites.  PD))"
"Hovering in distance while I was driving on freeway.  Lights in solid row, then blinking in 1/3 sections, then \"running\" lights, then back to solid row.  One single light above that stayed on constantly.  Took off to the East after a couple of minutes."
"Spherical object abour 4 ft.wide resembling a Beach Ball with an Orange internal light. At Terrimar Beach on West end of Galveston Island at 8 10 pm I was searching sky due West using 10x23mm binnoculers and while observing a kite flying due west an lighted sphere crossed behind the kite across a 20 mph South wind proceding West to East.  The object and kite were 1500ft away and the lighted object resembled a Beach ball as it had vertical light and dark pannels.   There was an Orange light emanating from INSIDE the sphere. Sphere was not all illuminated just the orange light from inside.   I took eyes off object for  5 seconds to retrieve my camera from my pocket.   Looked up and only the kite was visible.  Went behind the house to search entire NW sky and did not regain object.  Object was moving about 5 mph as it passed behind the kite."
"I am a stay at home mom, who has never paid much attention to UFO's.   Last Friday, my kids were still asleep in bed, when I  awoke at 6 am.  I was in the bathroom and it was completely dark outside.  All the sudden I noticed a bright light shining in through a large window.  The light was travelling slowly across the bathroom floor, which has 3 large windows in it.  I noticed it immediately, as we live deep in the forest, far away from neighbors.  Our house is located on 8 acres of forested land, and the bathroom is on the second floor.  I walked over to the window and looked up, and to my utter shock and amazement, I saw a gigantic rectangular shape moving slowly just above the tree line.  The window was open, and I heard a low humming noise coming from it.  I was awestruck as I tried to make sense of what I was witnessing.  The craft was as large as a 747 airplane in length, as it slowly passed by.  I couldn't see any of the sides or the top as it was so low down and close to our home, less then 50 feet from the house.  I could only see the bottom, which was filled with rows of red and white lights.  There were 3 rows of glowing illuminated white round  lights  the whole length of the craft on each side, for a total of 6 rows.  In between the white rows of lights were 2 rows of red glowing lights.  The lights were dim, similar to  car headlights pulling up in front of the house at night, but were clearly round shaped. It was only one single craft, and due to its size and low flight above our home, it blocked out the night sky as it hovered slowly past. I was frozen in the spot, and didn't even think to run and try to capture the image on my phone, which wasn't on me.  At each of the four corners were red blinking lights.  The shape was definitely flat and rectangular, like nothing I have ever seen in my life. The craft glided by for about 60 long seconds, and slowly drifted out of my line of sight, over the trees.  As it got further away, the lights turned to look bluish, and I could no longer see the detail of the round lights.  I called my husband right away, as he had already left for work, and then I called to report it to the local police, who had not received any other calls and didn't know how to respond. I was very scared to witness this, and am still having a hard time coming to terms with it.  I know it was much too large to be a drone of any type, and all other indications about its shape, sound, height, and movement prevent me from believing it was anything identifiable as man made. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with both the wife and husband, and both of them seemed to us to be responsible, sober-minded people.  We strongly suspect that the wife's account above is accurate, and a sincere account of a strange event.  PD))"
"Bright flashing oval shaped light hovering in Brewster, Cape Cod, MA. Changing colors Also red lights around it. Around 9: 30 PM I was walking my dog were I live in West Brewster.  It is a completely dark street (no street lamps). I was looking towards the left and hovering over the tree line I saw a very bright light which seemed to be flashing and changing colors: white, red, blue and green.  I figured it was a plane getting ready to land at the Chatham Municipal Airport which is roughly 9 miles away.  When it continued to hover above the tree line I stopped and watched it for about 15 minutes: it did not move, and kept flashing different colors. I went back to my house to get my camera and it had moved to the north and much higher up. It was also still stationary. I also observed a number of other aircraft in the vicinity of the light (which I am guessing were planes from Logan Airport in Boston?   I watched for an additional 15 minutes and the light (continuing to flash colors) again seemed to be stationary: hovering. I also noticed this time that there appeared to be more of the same lights hovering in an angled formation very close to the bright flashing light which were red. I do not have a camera that can take night pictures or great distances so I could not photograph it. Awhile later (around 10:30 pm) I went outside and looked for the lights but they were gone."
"NOTICED OBJECTS IN  PICTURES. I WAS OUTSIDE TAKING PICTURES OF CONTRAILS, (CHEMTRAILS) OF JETS PASSING OVERHEAD.  NOW THE REASON I WAS PHOTOGRAPHING THESE WAS BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T JUST DISSAPATE LIKE A NORMAL CONTRAIL USUALLY WOULD BUT STAYED IN THE SKY AND FORMED A BLANKET OF INTERMITTENT CLOUDS THAT STRETCHED ALONG THE SKYLINE.  ANYWAYS, I DID NOT NOTICE ANYTHING AS I WAS TAKING PICTURES BUT ONLY CAUGHT THE OBJECT(S)IN SEVERAL PICTURES AFTER TAKING THEM OFF OF MY CAMERA.  I'VE CAUGHT THESE OBJECTS IN THE SKY FOR 3 TO 4 DAYS NOW. THEY ARE DISTANT, BUT DEFINATELY NOT BIRDS,MOSQUITOES, OR AIRPLANES. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the alleged \"chemtrails\" are nothing more than typical contrails.  PD))"
"5 dots of white light seen after noon spotted 3 days after Xmas 2013 West of the Hamilton, NJ, train station. Saturday December 28th, 2013. Sighting location: Hamiltion Train Station, Hamiltion NJ  Time of sighting: approximately 12:20pm EST   Account:  I was waiting for a New Jersey Transit 12:23 PM train to stop at the Hamilton, NJ, train station, heading north en route to New York City. I was gazing across the tracks towards, I believe, the West, as the winter noon day sun was on my left and the trains from Trenton, NJ, headed north towards New York along tracks from my left to my right. The sky was a clear bright blue and I watched a far-off whitish airplane headed North.  As it did so, I noticed beyond and behind the plane at some further distance, approximately 5 white dots in an erratic formation, rather like balloons, or birds flying. Within the time it took me to estimate how many there were, they blinked out and vanished.  At first I thought maybe they were seagulls, further away than the plane, but then, had seagulls travelled beyond my range of vision, I don't think they would have all instantly vanished at exactly the same time, but would rather, have faded from view, and changed their distance relative to one another."
"I awoke to find a Grey crawling on my bed. I was awakened by something crawling on our waterbed, causing waves, and found what I later learned was a Grey on the foot of the bed.  It was looking straight at me, leaning on its right hand, its left hand (four fingers) stretched out towards me.  It looked to be about four feet in height with long, lean fingers and big, black, bulging eyes, two tiny slits for a nose and a small slit for a mouth. Its head was larger in the cranium, the neck spindly.  I could tell it was reading my mind and since I was pregnant, I was really afraid.  I immediately screamed and jumped out of bed, running into the living room where my husband was watching television.  I've not seen another one of those since.  Incidentally, we were living about ten miles away from the Johnson Space Center. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Object was silent with a soft yellow glow to it traveling in a straight line at incredible velocity. I saw a UFO once in my life.  It was February 1989.  I remember the month because I had just returned from California, where I\u2019d been living.  I was staying at my sister\u2019s house in rural Wisconsin.  She lived near the town of Shiocton. It was a cold clear night.  I\u2019d gone out for a walk.  My sister lived on top of a hill, so I had an expanded view of the horizon.  It was open farm country.  There were trees behind the house but the view to the south, east, and west was unobstructed. I had just left the house and was walking down the driveway to the road.  I was looking up at the sky when the object appeared directly above me.  It was traveling in a straight line, north to south.  It was larger than any star or planet, but not as bright or brilliant.  It had a steady glow to it, a soft yellow.  It was silent.  There were no flashing lights like an airplane would have.  The velocity was incredible.  From the moment it came into view directly above me until it vanished over the southern horizon the time elapsed was no more than a couple of seconds. The brief look I had at it left me with the impression that it was not quite round.  It was near enough that I was left with a memory of shape, so it was probably not more than a few thousand feet above me.  What remains vivid in memory is the soft glow of it and the stunning velocity."
"Stepped outside for a cigarette.  Out of the corner of my eye,  I thought birds were flying.  I lit my cigarette and looked up.   There were 3 very dim lights in a triangular pattern, with a dark silhouette of a triangle surrounding it, flying near the power lines.   I followed it for about 20 ft, but it went too far.  No sound at all.  Not mistaken for birds, or drone, or anything that I can think of besides a craft.  It was about the size of a car."
"Circle of rotating red lights hovering over the trees. Around 8:30pm, I was driving toward Providence from MJ road, when I saw something in the sky.  Hovering about a quarter of the way from the moon to the ground, so pretty high up.  At least 3-5 red lights.   It wasn't moving or getting closer or further away and the lights didn't blink like a plane, but faded in and out one by one in a rotating circle or triangle.  Lost sight of it after 30 seconds for about 10 seconds and it had vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"From 16:00 to about 17:00, We seen a black object in the sky.  The object appeared to have one half orb with the bottom part of the circle facing the Earth and another half orb facing the sky.  Each half orb was connected together by a black section.  The 2 half orbs would then rotate around one another in a clockwise motion.   The object continued to rotate into the sky for over an hour.  The object continued into the sky until it was a tiny black dot.  Each sphere when first noticed must have been about the size of full size van.   The object appeared to be moving straight up however it could have been the Earth moving on its orbit as the object after an hours viewing seemed to be much farther to the south in the sky."
"Several UFOs buzz cruise ships in waters off Vancouver Island. This is a report of what I just witnessed at 8:46pm PDT, and again at 9:06pm PDT, on the evening of Saturday, Sept. 3, 2016, while watching two cruise ships on a web cam. While watching a cruise ship go past a web cam, situated at Columbia Beach, Parksville, BC, Canada; I saw, at first one, and then at least two more, lights flying across the sky from right to left, which would be roughly east to west.  The camera faces more or less north. Here is a link to the camera. http://www.bigwavedave.ca/webcams.php?cam=2 The first cruise ship was the 'Nieuw Amsterdam' at 8:46pm. (Yes that's how they spell it) Moments after the last light went to the west, it appeared as though several (Perhaps 3) dimmer lights went from west to east, or left to right, directly over the ship. I hope to include a file (PeterD.zip) with representative photos of the day and night view from this camera, as well as the paths that the lights took. As the second cruise ship, the 'Coral Princess' passed, at 9:06pm, a similar display occurred, but with only one light. It also passed in both directions. As you will see from the edited photos (Sorry no actual shots of the lights), the lights did not stay illuminated across the entire field of the camera. It appeared as though they were only interested in /illuminated when close to, the cruise ships. As this camera switches from normal colour to low light when darkness falls, the actual brightness of the objects/lights is impossible to gauge. All I can say, is that I thought I had seen a meteor at first. But after the entire display, I can't imagine how that many meteors traveling in both directions could have occurred in such quick succession. This report is true and factual to the best of my ability to recall. ((name deleted)) in Nanaimo."
"While letting my dogs out, I saw it.  A large, triangle, UFO.  This UFO was covered in red and white lights, with a loud hum coming from the UFO.  This UFO sped off after I shined my light at it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Circular pulsating lights Several small circular objects that kept pulsating on and off every 5-10 seconds.  Moving from southeast to northeast.  They separated and returned into alignment a few times."
"Bright blinking lights hovering over the blue ridge mountains.  This is not the first time. They do not appear every night.  Sometimes they'll skip a night or a few.  When they appear they hover in one place for awhile.  They'll move higher occasionally until we can no longer see them in the frame of the window.  They are usually gone by 11PM.  Viewed from the village of Cedar Rock."
"2 disk shaped objects drop from the skyline vertical and accelerate horizontal to the clouds. I stimmediat of the house to get an item from the vehicle and observed chem trails in front of me.  I immediately grabbed my phone and started to describe what I was seeing.  I gave my best explanation of what I was seeing.   About a week later, I was viewing the clip with a a friend and discovered for just a fraction of a second there was a blip on the screen.  I took several screen shots of the section.   I then enlarged the image to find 2 disk shaped objects drop from a spiraling vertical and accelerate southwest below the clouds over the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Two red glowing spheres.  One was stationary in the middle, while the other made a complete circle around it.   As the one finished its circle it moved away as it was orbiting the stationary object.  It stopped for about 20 seconds then slowly moved out of orbit and faded.   The stationary sphere slowly faded about 30 seconds after the first one faded. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 fireball looking orange balls, perfectly aligned moved across the sky Two perfectly aligned orange fireballs moved slowly across the sky for about 2 minutes and then faded behind a cloud."
"Large translucent orange/gold v-shaped object flying from wast to west in straight line I was outside in my backyard watching for meteors when I noticed a large anomaly moving from east to west at a very high altitude.  The object had a translucent faint orange/gold semi v-shaped leading edge and was shaped similar to a flying wing type aircraft only much, much larger with a transparent look to it.  The object moved in a straight line from roughly east to west, making no sound, and traversed the entire visible sky in less than 30 seconds.  I am very familiar with all types of conventional aircraft having been a plane enthusiast for over 30 years, and this object fit no description of anything I have ever seen.   It had no marker lights and was much too large and fast to be any ordinary aircraft.  Its absolutely straight course, translucent appearance and color, and its shape and immense size would discount the possibility of it being a searchlight, reflection, or other easily explainable source."
"It was very high in the sky the moon was also in the sky but the sky was blue. The object was very small and very high in the sky. It was in one spot it did not move. It had 3 bright lights in triangle form and one of the lights was dimmer. I stood there looking at it for 10 minutes then my bus came so I left. It was not a balloon or jet plane. It was an object high in the sky. It seemed to move back and forth a little but it could have been the wind. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Round/circular orange object, north to south. So does anyone have any ideas, or are there any other witnesses?!   Myself and 3 other adults seen an orange glowing object in the sky over iowa (Lee County) about 9:45-10:00 pm on 8/3/2015.  At first I thought it was one of those glowing lantern things people let go near the 4th.   It traveled from north to south fairly fast, it took approx. 1.5 mins. from one horizon to the other.   Also, after about 5-6 mins. a second orange glowing ball/circle appeared and did the exact same thing as the first; they looked identical, it could have been two different objects or maybe the same one??   Also it didn't have a \"tail.\"  It was just an orange round ball, traveling through the sky.   It was father away than any plane or jet I've seen!"
"Saw bright large light 2000 feet,Juan de Fuca strait,4 miles south of Victoria Dissappeared with out moving While looking south of my balcony,yesterday evening.Saw stationary light in sky. Was about 3-4 miles south south east ,maybe 2000 feet. At first  i thought it was a plane .But they usually have a little strobe or a flashing red light. What made this different to me  was the fact that it was so BRIGHT.And   it was blinking{i believe,yes , this is what grabbed my eye,slow blinking ,i recall}.Then  it totally dissappeared. It was not normal . It was gone before my neighbour could see it . I am so mad that i didn't jump on my binoculars when first saw this. Maybe it was the setting sun doing a number ,but i don't believe that.  Maybe some one else saw it. On my word ((name deleted))"
"Multiple roundish or teardrop shape orbs seen during the daytime. I stopped at a convenient store during my lunch hour today and looked up at the sky because I heard a helicopter.  While I was watching the helicopter, the sky was clear and blue but I noticed that there was a bright whitish light it looked like an orb with a beam of light or tail coming down from it and when it moved it had a silver metallic shine to it but it didn't seem to be moving like a normal object.   I looked at it for a moment and thought \"that is cool someone released a balloon maybe?\"  But as I was thinking this a dozen or maybe more white orbs started to appear-they were dimmer than the first one I spotted but were just appearing like a light switch was turning them on one by one.    When I saw this all thoughts of balloons left my head.  I watched these things switch on for about 5-10 minutes.   I got scared and did not see anyone in the parking lot to talk to about what it was so I quickly went inside to make my purchase and clear my head.  I thought when I went back out I could decipher what I was seeing more clearly.   I spent about a minute inside and when I came back out they had all just disappeared.   My hands were shaking when I got into my car and I quickly tried to google any type of celebration or memorial where balloons were being released but I could not find anything significant happening in our area today.   The helicopter that was flying by at the time was white with either a black or dark blue bottom like a police helicopter.  I did not see any name on the side of it.  Could it have been dropping something.   I'm just curious if anyone else saw this and new what it was.   I am having a hard to determining whether I should submit this but.......I would like to know what it was or if anyone else seen it."
"large light, equivalent to car lights 1 mile away, in sky, stationary. Saw a light, brighter than star, and appeared stationary.  Near or in cloud, surrounded by darkness.  Near full moon illuminated scene.   Decided to film it, so pulled over and steadied camera.  Filmed nearly ten minutes, yet it really never seemed to move, however the light did shift, and could be blamed on cloud movement.  At one point, I did see what I thought was a red light emanating from the object.   It's light, white, appeared 2-3 times the brightness of other stars.  At one point, it looked like it was leaving, but no turns or sudden movements, and I remained filming, and it remained in the same place.   I have seen these bright stars occasionally and wondered if they were not something else.   No sound.  Larger than other airplane traffic, no movement, ...so this is so simple, that it seems unlikely.  The object on my film actually appears to be an luminated object, with a dark hole in the middle.  Peace on Earth."
"V shape or triangle or boomerang shape with lights but not at the bottom still, but you could see erratic movements from time to time. Triangle or boomerang shape darted up into the sky and stopped.  Had lights but the bottom you could see but not lights on the bottom.  looked like it was sitting still but could see short erratic movements then we thought we saw a couple more during the hour we watched but not sure about those.  I did video and take photos. could have been a V shape. I don't know what I saw it moved not real fast but it did go faster up into the sky and stopped and stayed there for at least an hour and we stopped watching. I do have a video and some photos if you want to see them or you want to contact me.  I really don't know what we saw but it was weird ."
"My wife and I observed an orange colored illuminated \"object\" moving from southwest to the east in the night sky.  My wife and I observed an orange colored illuminated \"object\" moving from southwest to the east in the night sky.  The object did not produce any audible sound, like rotors, engines, drone hum, or jet roar.  The object moved relatively slowly, not unlike a high flying aircraft. However, no red or green blinking lines or tail lights could be observed.  Most oddly, the object would flare brightly and then seem to snuff out, like a dying ember, only to flair bright orange again.   There was no pattern or rhythm to the flaring or diminishing of the light and no color change was observed.  It remained a steady orange color.  My wife described it as \"on fire\" and I would not disagree. I have studied astronomy all my life in Scouts, college courses, and as an astronomy enthusiast volunteering in our National Park.  I have spent a great deal of time in the wilderness backpacking and such, watching the night sky from remote places.  I have seen Iridium flares and regularly watch the ISS and other objects in the night sky, thanks to smartphone apps.  I have seen drones, shooting stars (including big ones) and watched meteor showers.  I have watched rocket launches from Vandenburg AFB in the night sky.  This was something new to me and something outside of anything easily explanable based on my experience. The object was observed from my side patio where we were eating dinner, then we moved to the backyard to watch it further until it faded somewhere over the Sierra Nevada mountains."
"Large Cigar Shaped Object Chased By The Airforce In  Chesterfield, New Hampshire I was about 12 years old and visiting a neighbor up the hill. My sister was 11 y.o. The neighbor was 30 ish and her son was 19 years old.  My sister and I were leaving to go home around 8:00 pm. We all walked outside, as we always did, and her son pointed to an object in the sky.  We saw a large 'cigar shaped object' emitting light and hovering above us in the sky. It made no sound. We moved toward the back yard (which was a small field) in order to see it better.  It started to decend right over us, like it saw us looking at it.  It got larger and larger but there was no way to really judge the size or how close it was, but it seemed bigger than the neighbor's house. It decended slowly and blocked out the stars in the sky. It felt like it was right on top of us.  Then, without warning, the Object shot straight up in the sky at a speed that was astounding. It became the size of a Softball and bright white in the sky.  It stopped and angled right and zipped away so fast that you could only follow it for a few seconds. Then it was gone.  A minute or so later, we heard and saw several 'Airforce Jets' from 'Pease Airforce Base' flying in the same direction the object retreated.  The sound of the Jets made us realize that the object that we had just witnessed had no sound to it at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Red octagon shaped objected hovering and shortly after took off at high rate of speed Driving down the hill of a St. Mather Rd coming to the stop sign and as I was making the right turn on to West Norwalk Rd.  I immediately noticed a bright read object in the shape of almost on of cowboy hat or one of those fancy fedora hats.  Maybe a saucer shape with a large dome on top.   Once on the main road they was clear skyline view were I noticed the object, again with red slights at the bottom and slight tint of white lights above the red glow.  I stopped in the road to observe object as it was hovering over the distant tree lines. Now with no point reference I can't be sure how high up it was hovering, but I could tell the distance from me was maybe between 5-10 miles in my line of vision.   After about 1 minute the object started moving towards N-NE I followed till I got to the stop sign where the object was even clearer to see, but only for a brief second.  The the road i take home I was almost simiar to the direction the object was heading which was a  orth direction. Now the road I was on goes thru a section of heavy tall pines trees but shorty after I regained sight of the object where it was looked to be heading over a local park and business center. I got as close I coud to see the object hovering, but I as got closer to the area where i determined the object to be, it jettison North at a high rate of speed. I continued to drive around the local roads but as came around the corner the object was gone, and few seconds later I was able to come to a open view of the skyline but the object was gone. The most interesting thing about the object was the shape and the disticnt bright red light that went around the circumference of the object. It was dead silent not a plane or a private drone. It covered to much space to be a drone, I have read some info on the new craze of private drones. This did not fit such description as it was far to big."
"Group of 10 -15 small circular lights in San Marcos. I was sitting in the courtyard of my building lit by a few lights on a small walkway on a cloudy night around 8pm when I saw a number of small perfectly circular lights flying thru the clouds above the buildings where I live, opposite the mountains in San Marcos, CA.  There were almost 10 to 15 of them.  There were 3 or 4 of them coming together at a central point at a time, then spreading out in all different directions, and then came back together again to the center.  Sometimes only 2 or 3 came together, sometimes 5 or more did.  They flew around quickly; very fast, for over 30 minutes.  Then they just started flying around in circles individually and not coming together anymore."
"Chevron shaped, low flying, one side shorter than the other, scilent, seen at 21:00, circling. Object was chevron with one bend schorter than the other.  The edge looked liked ribed, color alternated in stipes lengthwise between the ribs black and gray. It was scilent and very low, maybe 100 or 200 feet. I got a good look at it, it seemed to be circling, comming back around every ten minutes or so. I haven't seen it since and there hasn't been anything around even close to it since. It might have stayed their all night, I had to go. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"three orange circular lights travelling WSW in area of South Elgin, IL, a far west suburb of Chicago. At approximately 9:30pm Central Time, on Sunday, June 22.  I was standing in the street, on Sandhurst Lane, South Elgin, IL, 60177 USA, facing East.   I saw 3 orange lights travelling West-South-West just above the line of air travel.  They were travelling in a formation, in a triangle, then changed to a straight line formation, then an inverted triangle, before disappearing behind the tree-rooftop-line.  I watched to see if they would re-appear on the other side of the obstructions, and they did, just moments before changing formation again to a straight line, then disappearing.   There was some slight cloud cover, although not in the area where they disappeared.   There was no sound emitted from the craft.   There were several airline-type jets in the area, although none appeared to be in pursuit of the craft.    The observer is a female, 39 yo, was fully rested, not under the influence of any substances & is college educated.   Duration of entire encounter was 5 minutes."
"06-1968  Late evening, forested  foothill road, saucer  100 ft above car  3 witnesses,  no recall for 8 years. My wife and I had picked up a friend, who lived a mile to the south, possibly an hour prior to the sighting.  The three of us went to visit a married couple maybe 7 or 8 miles away from where my wife and I lived off Highway 49, 4 miles south of Georgetown, CA.   When we got to the couple's small secluded house up a long driveway, we discovered only the woman was home; her husband was in the Bay Area on business.  We evidently chatted for awhile.  I recall looking at their posters fastened to the wall and I was admiring how flat and perfectly displayed they were.   The 3 of us left the couple's house, at the approximate time listed above, exited their driveway and began returning to Garden Valley.  Evidently we were at the intersection of Highway 49 and Garden Valley Green Valley Road.   The sky lit up.  I recall all heads (3) in immediate unison and perfectly coordinated lock onto the saucer (I was driving).  The trees were all lit up, the craft was above us slightly in front, visible through the windshield and off to the driver's side of the vehicle (a 59 Chevrolet Impala).  My thought were \"I could hit that with a rock.\"   It began to move slowly from its forward position toward the rear of the vehicle.  I stuck my head out the driver's side window and watch it cruise overhead keeping its same altitude.  There was an inner ring with windows lighting up individually from left to right.   I kept my head out of the vehicle and followed the craft until it arrived beyond the rear of the car.  It disappeared as if a light switch had been flipped.   I remembered nothing.  It wasn't until 1978, probably, that the I began to remember the sighting.  By that time my wife and I had divorced and I was estranged from our daughter.  I was living then, in the Bay Area.   I had occasion to visit, with a friend from my work, friends of his.  They were watching television, a program I had never seen, Battle Star Galactica.  I could not watch, I panicked, I had to leave, get outside into the fresh air and! away from that program.   Fragments of the disk encounter began to quickly on occasion flash into consciousness over the following months.  In 1981 (?) I had moved back to my home town and the town where my ex-wife now lived also.  It came to pass that my ex wife, also recently separated from her second marriage, drove to Lake Tahoe California for an overnight at my new employer's cabin.  There were four of us in my car, the ex, her son by marriage number 2, and our daughter.  My daughter asks in route, \"Dad have you ever seen a flying saucer?\"  I ask my ex wife, \"Have you ever seen a flying saucer.?  She replies, \"You ought to know.\"  That was the end of the discussion evidently on that road trip.   It has been difficult to remember to ask her what she remembers.  I did ask her, \"Who was the 3rd person in the car with us.\"  She said who she thought it was.  A couple of years later I asked, \"Why didn't we drive off the road and crash?\"  She said, \"We were stopped.\"   The fact that we stopped was in my report but I needed to ask, years later, I remembered zip.  I have yet to ask her when she began to recall the sighting.  The memory was evidently erased yet we were 'allowed' to recall the pass over.  At least that is all I can recall.   I did go under hypnosis, maybe 1984/5.  The psychologist asked me while under hypnosis what did I see.  \"I see us on the ground.\" 3 standing by the car.  Then I said \"I see dead people in the dark.\"   You just said on the Jeff Rense Show 02-14-14, why doesn't anyone who has been directly underneath a saucer report in even if its 8 decades.  At your service.  The event under the craft gets your memory wiped, at least in our too close for comfort encounter.   Don't get me wrong I consider myself exalted by this unique experience."
"My husband and I had just returned from a memorial service for our pastor's father.  We got home around 8:30 and my husband had taken our dogs out.  He called for me to come outside and look at something and when I looked up toward the mountains behind our house (which is a deserted land trust and state park), I saw a straight line of 5-7 slowly blinking lights with vague colors of red and blue.  The line seemed at least 2 to 3 football fields long and moved at a constant steady speed.  We could not see any other shape but the perfect straight flashing line of lights.  It moved in a direct southern direction until it was out of sight. My husband and I have never seen anything like this before and are both fairly common sense people but we are very sure of what we saw.  My husband and I are well educated with him being a retired Army SFC and NASA engineer as well as an online missionary, and myself a retired successful interior designer. We were quite fascinated and of course perplexed, but very sure of what we saw."
"Non-satellite object grows brighter in evening sky and then flies away. I was looking at the night's sky over the Tacoma area and watching what I thought was probably a satellite.  I was watching it traverse the sky and all of a sudden it started getting brighter and brighter. It got brighter to the point that it was like having a flash light shown right in my face. A very fine white light, but extremely bright.  Then, it suddenly changed direction and flew across the sky and out of my view literally within a second. The time was 2:45 a.m. on July 31st 2014."
"boomerang shaped object hanging in the air changed shape and looked like a string then metal ball At around 4:30pm May 6th 2008 in Chicago, Illinois (north side), I was riding the EL Train southbound and looked into the north sky.  I saw a boomerang shaped object than just hung in the sky very far away.  Did not seem to make any strong movements at first.  Hung there for about 5 minutes (or 5 minutes from the time I first spotted it). Then it started to either shift its shape or turn and appear as a string-like object.  It continued to do this for a few minutes against a blue sky.  It would get smaller and start to fade away as if moving far away or becoming invisible.  There were planes flying and it appeared to be a lot higher up than them (from my perspective). It looked similar to if you were to take a piece of string and put underwater- just floating there slowly shifting (I assume it was very large even though it was far away.  It faded away, then moments later a ball appeared, 'flew' around for several seconds (going one direction stopping abruptly then shooting off in another) then faded into a blue sky.  Half an hour later I saw a helicopter coming from that direction with lights on in the middle of the day."
"Crafts Watching Fireworks with enormous crowd below This happened on July 4th at Webster Lake in Northglenn, CO.  The time was approximately 9:35pm MST.   Family were at the lake with family watching the fireworks, and took a picture.  The picture clearly shows fireworks and that chaos in the air, and then to the right, I would say about an inch on the cell phone picture itself is a very not normal looking thing, very bright with self-illuminating lights.   I would like to show the picture and get some feedback on it, maybe someone else from the lake saw it too.  Mother-in-law says the craft hoovering was accompanied by 2-3 more crafts like it.  Hope this sparks some interest, especially with the crafts seen in Lafayette, CO, recently."
"Triangle Object - 3 flashing white lights blinking slowly synchron My Girlfriend and driving with our car from Quelkhorn to Ottersberg and saw a white slowly flashing white ligt above some trees, near a wind power plant, it seemed to hover.  We thought it came from the wind power plant, but seems a bit too high.  The wind power plant was blinking red and the object blinking white in a ~1,5 second distance of each \"blink\".  We decide to drive closer and drove into a field road. I jumped out of the car and saw the object now moving into our direction. Now we saw clearly that there were three white lights flashing exactly at the same time!  Only slow 3 white flashing lights could be seen and they form a perfect equilateral triangle!  The object flew above us from North to South and it was gone after the flyover within 1 minute!  Only the 3 white lights could be seen, no other lights and no sound.  It was hard to guess the distance to the object, but I think 150-200 meters high and ~50 meters in diameter.  It was a clearly evening, the Moon with Jupiter where clearly visible, also some stars. I shot 3 fotos of the object with my handy, but the quality is really, really bad."
"Orange shape hovered, rose into clouds. I looked up and noticed an orange object hovering over the downtown area for half a minute or so.  It was shaped like a flattened sphere (or maybe a very thick disk) and looked like it was lit from within.  The light pulsed, brightening and dimming on a cycle that was a few seconds long.  It didn't make any sound.  I thought it might be a model blimp or balloon lit from within or something similar, but then it shot up into the clouds really fast.  It lit up the clouds (not a lot, but noticeable) briefly as it passed into them but quickly faded after it did."
"Bright red light in the sky disappeared My mom and I were walking our dog and noticed a round red light in the sky to the right of the star Arcturus. It was about two or three times larger than Arcturus. We watched it to see if it was moving or was going to move. It didn't move for as long as we saw it, about 20 seconds, and then it was lights out. It just disappeared. It was a crystal clear night."
"triangle shaped 3 orange globes   i was on the way home from anderson mercy hospital by the time i got toward withamsville right above buffalo rings resturant i saw 3 orange globes very bright in a triangle shape.they hoovered there forever they barely moved every once in awhile they'd seem to move just a little bit.other people was parked at the shell gas station pointing and watching it.for the last part of our way home i lost memory of the whole trip the rest of the way home,and think me and the driver might have been abducted. i got this huge bump on my neck and back the same night and dont know how.i also got a huge bump on my testicles and im still soar from that.i had it checked out it isnt a seis,or boil,or anything,i seriously think i was abducted but dont wanna tell people cause im embarassed and they might think im crazy.anyways that's it."
"3 objects that appeared to be made up of separate lights approximately 6-8 spinning lights per object that appeared, disappeared   We observed initially 2 round appearing objects out over Puget Sound, they would disappear and then reappear; they were out over the water and at one point one of them dropped traight down as if dropping right into the water; that left one in the sky, low on the horizon over the water; then another one appeared out next to the remaining one; through binoculars they appeared to be about 6-8 lights that were changing in shape, mostly in a circular formation; they would fade out and then reappear; as of 2330 they were still visable out over the water from our vantage point at Birch Bay; it was difficult to tell how far out they were; the lights that made up the singular formation appeared to be spinning independtly of one another, there were spaces in between the individual lights but circular objects appeared to be a single unit made up of the individual lights"
"green lights over jersey 8.25.18 dozen  of objects green lights is a pattern moving northward together."
"Saw moving at sharp angles briefly (1-2 minutes) then streaked away out of sight, no sound heard around Clinton md area. PGC. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 UFOs Hovering in Saddleback and lights \"parked\" on the ground. After seeing the firework show in Orange at the Fred Kelly Stadium, we headed home at 10:05pm and decided to take Saddleback Rd. the way home(Lake Forest) to avoid freeways. We saw a large object that was \"parked\" on the ground with lights facing down and hitting brush back up. I wanted to take a closer look but my husband had a bad feeling and continued forward. We then saw a hovering light in the sky, too low to be a star but too high to be a light. We where going about 55-60 M.P.H., the U.F.O. stayed stationary and then as we go closer we see another about 20 degrees lower and to the right. We passed the first one then it was in the rear window, saw it lift straight up, stayed still, then zip to the right (if you where facing it. The one that was to the right was then right below. We then see one to our passenger(3 total) window approximately as far as the two out our drives passenger window.  We saw them \"playing\"as we sped off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"One light, brighter than any star moved slowly across the sky and vanished.  30 seconds later a light sped across over my treeline. I stepped outside upon returning to my home near the University of Memphis, lit a cigarette, and looked into the sky, a habit of mine since I have always been interested in astronomy.  The sky was clear, dark, and surprisingly, for a Friday night.  I could see an unusual amount of stars.   But one light, which appeared to be a star was moving across the sky slowly, but fast enough to recognize it was indeed moving.  I stared at it, looked around, walked onto the street to get a better view, and looked up again.  It was still hovering, at a fairly consistent speed headed southeast from my vantage point.   I pulled out my phone to take a video, but I could not get enough exposure so i put it up.  Then all of the sudden, like the flick of a light switch, it was gone.  I looked all over the sky for another sign, but failed to.   So i called my friend who I was texting to tell him about what I believed was a ufo, and as I was talking to him, another light, with the s! ame brightness and size sped across the sky, almost as fast as a meteor that reaches the atmosphere.   It appeared in the center of the night sky and flew south over my treeline in a matter of a half a second.   I'm not sure if that second sight was the same object as the first, but they were two distinct sightings approximately 30 seconds apart from each other."
"NOISELESS HOVERING THEN FLYING CIRCLE OF WHITE LIGHTS CIRCLE OF HOVERING WHITE LIGHTS HOVERED FOR HALF AN HOUR THEN MOVED OFF SILENTLY PASSING OVERHEAD"
"ORB photographed 9/11/2018 The Woodlands Texas The Woodlands, Texas, 9/11/2018 20:31 hours 267 ((address deleted)) I began doing aerial research after Hearing of reports in the are in the past three weeks.  Through Facebook and Youtube.  Being a current student of aviation, I sat out with equipment to see what was happening.  I utilize three software apps while observing the sky.  Freeflight24, Satellite, and Freeskypro.  This helps pass the time.  And correctly ID objects at a distance.  At the end of my session I wanted to take a picture of the horizon so I powered up my (Sony dhc xv100) and set it to low light.  At this point I could not see the object with my own eyes.  After adjusting the ISO an image came into frame.  I checked the lens for dust with a Trijicon lens duster; object was still there, I could faintly see it with my own eyes.  It was hovering above the Westco Plaze about 500\u2019 still very faint and hard to see with my own eyes.  But clearly visible on the camera.  After sever very low clouds moved in, the object was no longer visible."
"early morning abduction / visitation on november21,2011  This event took place in my bed at my mothers house in the early morning hours of November 21, 2011.This is a report of an abduction by what I believe to be of alien origin. It began as a feeling of something approaching my bedroom and I thought that it was the family cat making his way to my bedroom. The house has hardwood floors and that makes it easy to hear footfalls approaching the room you\u2019re in. The footfalls were very light and faint and that\u2019s what made me think they were from the cat. The next thing I know the \u201ccat\u201d was on my bed and I could feel it next to my head. I thought it was strange that the cat was able to jump up onto the bed and get to the far side of my head with out me noticing him walking over there. The \u201ccat which I will now call the ENTITY because I later believed that this is more closely a description of what was interacting with me. I tried to reach up with my hand and pet the \u201ccat\u201d but I could not feel him there . Next I felt him on my thighs and again I thought it strange that he could travel down to my legs without me noticing him walking down there. Once I felt him on my thighs I reached down to pet him again and once more he was not there , I could not feel him. The room was dark and I was underneath a down comforter and a light quilt as the event continued. My whole body was now underneath the covers and my hands were laying on my chest, my body laid out straight , and I was lying on my back, eyes open. The next thing I realize is a feeling of strange energy-like infused foggy mist forming above my bed. The darkness in the room was being lit up slightly by this energized fog. In my mind I felt a very weird feeling of confusion and a feeling of something taking over my thoughts in some strange way. I should say that words can\u2019t accurately describe what exactly was going on inside my mind, so the reader of this should just bear with me on this description. The thoughts of the \u201ccat\u201d being on me was something I feel was a foreign thought being put in my mind to make me feel ok with what was going on. Again words can\u2019t describe this feeling, I felt confused but not scared\u2026YET. The very next thing that happened was a feeling of being stood up against a wall that had a depression in it the exact width of my body, with my hands at my side. This wall looked like wood grained paneling and my face was just a fraction of an inch away from touching it. The next feeling was that of motion. This motion was like the wall gave way and my whole body was moving forward into this wall, I was still standing as I moved into the wall. The motion continued forward then either up or down or I really cant say which way I was headed. The motion stopped and I felt like I was still in my bedroom though. The room I was in looked just like my bedroom, but I think that\u2019s because this thought was being placed into my mind. The next thing I see is an object that looked like an elongated cell phone with a touch screen face on it. This object was about eight inches long and the width was about 2 inches across. The screen of this object was lit and had something like letters or symbols scrolling across it . The vision of this object was so clear and real to me that I began to really wonder what the hell was it doing floating above me . this device was floating above my left side  perpendicular to the bed surface facing to my right side. I then noticed that it was streaming a strange light up over my body to a point up on the wall to my right about a foot from the ceiling. Now this really puzzeled me and that\u2019s when I began to feel panicked. It was right then that I felt that this was really happening and It was impossible that this could be going on. I then felt that I should try to grab this device and make it stop scanning me. I could not move a muscle, I found my whole body paralyzed, the onl! y way I was seeing this take place was through my eyes that could not move either. I could only see what was in my field of vision all the way out to my peripheral limits.This was enough to see the whole room wall to wall. I was very scared to find myself paralyzed with this device traveling the length of my body up and down . I decided to scream and see if that at least made my mother hear me and come rescue me from this madness. I tried to scream and nothing came out, I tried harder as I began to really panic, tears were streaming down my cheeks now and inside my mind I was screaming like a frightened child. I had the feeling that an Entity was in that room with me and they were not going to stop doing what they were doing. I couldn\u2019t see any \u201cperson\u201d holding that device but I was sure they were near and controlling the whole situation. I tried to scream one last time and this time I heard a quiet scream eminate from my mouth and echo in the room. Well this was enough apparently to scare away whatever was doing this to me. The device disappeared and the foggy mist was gone.  I thought to try to see if I was still paralyzed and thank god I could now move my arms and turn my head.  It was nothing like waking from a dream, it was like being released from a paralyzed state.  My eyes were open the whole time, and now I realized how frightened I was because the tears were wet on my face, I was shaking and I was out of breath. My next thought was to make my way out of bed before whatever it was came back and paralyzed me again. I was so scared like I never have been In my whole life. It took every bit of courage I had to get out of bed and run to my mothers room. I am a 50 year old man and I felt like a three year old running to my mommy for help. I did make it out of the bedroom and down the hall to her room. I spoke to her as I approached her room and she woke up and turned on her light to find me standing there shivering an! d crying asking her if she heard me scream.  She said no she did not hear me scream and what was goin on, why was I waking her up, what was the matter.  I thought this entity was just in the other room still watching me, so I was whispering that something weird just visited me in bed and that I thought it was still close by. We stayed in her room and talked about what happened for about an hour until I calmed downed. She tried to make me believe that it was a dream but I have had dreams and nightmares before and this was not anything like that. This essentially ends the event for the moment. It happened again about an hour later after I returned to bed, but that will be for a different time to report if at all because I can\u2019t say for sure it wasn\u2019t a bad dream caused by the original event\u2026"
"glowing red shape-shifting ball sighted early morning I got to the school bus stop before anyone else that morning.  It was a clear day and the sun was up.  No clouds, very clear and crisp day.  Upon putting my bag down I noticed what could best be described as a glowing red ball in the sky.  It was about half the size of a full moon.  I watched it for about 30 seconds and it was completely still with no sound.  I ran through all the possibilities in my head of what it could be, and can say with confidence it was not an plane, helicopter, planet, balloon, or secret military aircraft unless they have started making perfectly round glowing red ones. All of a sudden, after about 45-60 seconds it starts moving left slow at first then faster.  It also becomes \"flatter\" as it moves.  I started walking up the street to keep it in my line of sight, and after about a quarter mile I ran back to the bus stop to catch it on the other side of some tall trees.  It was gone. That was about 15 years ago, and I have never seen anything in the sky since that I could not explain.  I remember this event like it was yesterday.  I still cannot account for what it could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"3 very slow-moving sparking, flaming meteor looking objects starting on 1 side of the horizon and ended in the same spot on the other. The object was moving about the speed and height of a high-flying aircraft, and it appeared to be on fire.  Sparks and flames were clearly visible.  This was not the speed of a meteor by any means.  Once the object reached the other side of the horizon, it appeared that the \"flames\" went out - at which point our group though the fire on the \"plane\" had been extinguished.  Lo and behold, a second fiery object came from the same side of the sky that the first object rose from, and it did virtually the same thing the first object did and culminated in the same spot.  Then, a third - but more red - flaming object started in the same spot that the first two started, and then flamed out in the same spot where the first two ended."
"daughter's abduction  500 Lights On Object0: Yes I was at a friends house about 15 miles west of Boston in the Town of Weston. A saucer shaped craft came an hovered over my friends backyard where some 20 plus people were playing frisbee, volleyball, touch football and enjoying a hearty cookout. The craft came down and landed in my friend's backyard. a door opened and two tall, slender gray colored, about 6'2\" and about 6'4\" beings, came out and floated across the yard. The crowd panicked and backed away. My friend's mother ran out of the house screaming for everyone to get back. My friend's younger sister was frozen like a statue. These two beings floated across the yard,toward the frozen blonde haired young lady. Her mother ran right at the two beings screaming no you can't take my daughter. One of the beings raised their hand knocking the running mother over backwards, rendering her unconscious. The two beings came and took the daughter by the arms, floated back to the hovering craft, doors opened, in they went and the craft left slowly at first, then disappeared very quickly. The daughter was never returned. Since the summer of 1978, my friend's sister has never been seen again. The mother had a complete nervous breakdown, as she told of her own abductions. Officially the daughter's disappearance, has been categorized by the local police and FBI as an unsolved kidnapping. Everyone I have told this story to has never believed me. The mother told me of her own abductions as well as her daughter's abductions as a small child. The daughter had just become 18 years old about 6 weeks before she was taken. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright light going at high speed completely reversed direction and then disappeared. We had just taken our dogs out for the last time tonight, and we were sitting in chairs on the patio.  There were some clouds, but we could see planes and stars, and I was looking up at the stars, when I noticed a very bright light moving quickly across the sky from west to east. It was way above the plane traffic and it was really going fast.   I told my husband to look at it, and he said he thought it was probably a plane in the Jetstream and was so high up because it was bypassing Denver.   So he went back to watching the dogs and I kept watching the object for about another 5 seconds when suddenly it completely reversed direction and went back to the west at warp speed and disappeared.  It wasn't hidden by the clouds because I watched for it to reappear but it never did.  When it reversed direction it didn't turn or waver it just went the other way in the same line it was traveling in."
"A strange object hovering in the sky. Looked like a bumper car with red lights.  Quickly turned around a couple of times and just vanishes.  I have a full video of the event"
"Cylinder shaped object  sighted above Wichita, KS It was around five PM and my dad was taking me home from my sisters house. We were heading north and i was looking east towards some birds and train tracks.  Past the tracks where large grain elevators, i noticed a object above the grain elevator. I told my dad to turn to the right to see the object more closer.  The object was about 40 degrees from us and about 300 ft away.  Its shape was like a cylinder and was some what matalic looking. It started to move south as we got a better view.  I got the feelong it knew we saw it, we were moving parallel to the object.  My dad did not think it was a UFO. He told me its just a plane.  He decided to turn the truck back towards home and i looked back to see it one more time but the object was gone."
"they were both bright lights. They both looked close because they were very big and bright and flew right over us at slow speed like it just hovered but then one of them sped out of view very fast, but the other one just kept the same speed until it was out of view.they were bigger and brighter than any of the stars and maybe about the same size of a full moon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"A large, yellow, fiery object hovered over the Wenatchee Valley. My wife was driving to work heading south in West Wenatchee.  She looked up and saw a large, yellow, oval-shaped object which she described as \"appearing to be on fire.\"  She stated that the object was comparable to the size of the moon and was completely stationary.  No sounds could be heard.   The sky was completely cloudless and the sun was just beginning to rise.   When she looked away for just a few seconds and turned back to look at the object, it had disappeared.   At this point, she texted me to tell me she had just seen a UFO!  I called her and asked her to give details of the sighting, as I was heading out to take my daughter to school.   Suddenly, my daughter and I both saw an object above the hills in East Wenatchee.  My wife, who was on the phone with me, also saw the object,   At this point, the object appeared white but definitely oval-like and about the size of a pea.  If it was indeed the same object that she had seen just moments before, then it would've had to travel at a remarkable speed to move such a distance.   Also, we noticed that three jets, flying very high, were heading toward the object.   We would've continued to monitor the object but had to go to work."
"Triangular with red lights hovering and disappears Somewhat large triangle with red lights on it's sides hovering in place. We were driving in my car and we looked up and didn't think much of it but that maybe it was a low plane. Until we continued to drive and came to a stop and realized it was hovering in the same exact place. We continued to drive and watched it for about 2 minutes until we looked back and we could no longer find it. (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"bright glowing circular object south of Raleigh Durham Airport in Cary NC. Witnessed a very bright and large glowing circular light.  Approximately 5 to 7 miles south of Raleigh Durham Airport in Cary NC.  Object was stationary for a long period of time then gradually moved.  Red/yellow/orange glow. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I and my wife witnessed the largest unidentified aircraft we have ever seen!!!!!! On this evening, I had stepped out onto the back porch to enjoy a cool snap that had lowered the humidity.  As I looked above me at the stars, we live out tin the country and i do this often, I could see many stars visible in the night sky.  As I turned around to look behind me to see the stars, I noticed that a lot of the sky was blocked out.  At first glance it seems to be cloud cover moving in.  But then I noticed this assumed cloud cover had shape. I watched as it moved toward my position and for a strange feeling in my stomach as if I began to get nervous over something about to happen.  I could see the stars reappearing behind the dark shape starting just above the horizon.  As the shape continued to move I opened the back door and yelled for my wife to come out and to get her thoughts on what I was seeing.  She came out and I pointed out this large triangular shape in the shy that continued to grow in size.  I cannot say for sure how big this thing was but it ! made no noise and had several white beacon lights at the tips of the shape and at the top point of the triangular shape.  It was moving pretty slow as it passed silently overhead and the entire sky was blacked out yet there was no noise.  It was no doubt that it was directly overhead and the flashing light made out the shape of the wings but did not reflect off of the aircraft. I could not see the light on top anymore and the lights on either side looked to be miles from where we were standing bot left and right.  I tried to get it on my phone but nothing showed up.  As far as I looked in all directions, this craft blocked out the night sky.  We were both taken aback and felt an incredible erie feeling as it seemed like it took forever to pass by.  About ten minutes had passed as I kept pressing my smart watch to see.   We continuedto watch the night sky reappear as the craft or whatever it was, continue on its path until suddenly it just vanished.  The sky just popped up in the pla! ce where the craft was blocking it out.  There was no flash or anything that would have gave an indication of some engine firing up or exhaust being let out.  We stood and looked at each other in silence, no words.  But there was a fear in each others eyes as we had no words or explanations for what we just saw.  As we entered the house, my wife said over and over up until the point of falling asleep....\"there was no sound, there was no sound.  It was too big and too close for no sound.\"  The next morning we stepped out at 3:30 am (normal work time for us) with our coffee and stood silent gazing in all directions until she said again to me \"\"Honey, there was no sound\" I had no response as I too was hung over from the fear and questions I had running through my own thoughts.  All I could think of was if this was what I thought it was, \"They\" could come in the night and we would never know they had arrived. If they wanted to do us harm there would be no noise to wake us or give us a moment to react. This incident will stick with the both of us for the rest of our lives.  I have had my sceptical thoughts on many things including UFO's.  But after this night I think my mind has changed dramatically!  I analyze things to death and look for obvious answers and usually sedunk everything.  I find myself not being able to concentrate today as my mind is fixed on the answer to this.   FYI I and my wife are drug and alcohol free.  I somehow wish I could explain it away from intoxication.  But now both of us are drunk from the lack of answers and understanding of this incident.  We both said this morning before leaving for work to not discuss this to any friends or family.  But I found your website and had to get it off my chest.  I am not ex military....but I can say with almost !00% certainty that what we saw did not come from our government, or even the planet we know!"
"white light with blue following blue light There was a brilliant white light. It appeared to be round in shape. the light moved north west and was followed by a large light of a beautiful blue light. At a certain point the white light became smaller and disappeared. The blue light lingered and faded until it disappeared. There was no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"Chevron shaped retinal after-image after looking at the sun with eyes closed. This is really a report of 3 observations of chevron shaped lights. 1.  In the late 70s, there was a report of strange night-time lights published in the newspaper we received at our rural home.  This must have been the Des Moines Register.  They included a photo in the report.  My memory of the photo is that it showed about 5 chevron shaped white lights against a black sky.  The chevon shapes (shallow Vs) each had one very distinctive characteristic; one side of each V had an offset, or kink, in it \u2014 it wasn\u2019t straight.  This offset was in just one side.  The other side of the V was straight.  It should be possible to find this document; however,  I\u2019m afraid my estimate when this happened is +/- several years. 2.  A short time later, perhaps a month or two, I was outside and looked up at the sun with my eyes closed.  I noticed nothing unusual, but when I looked away I saw several vivid and sharp chevron shaped retinal after-images.  There were about 3.  They were the exact same shape as those in the newspaper report.  The retinal after-images slowly faded and were gone in a minute or so.  The approximate date and time of this observation is what I entered on the report form. 3.  About 2 years ago, I was outside my current home.  It was sunny but I did not look at the sun. Suddenly a chevron shaped after-image appeared.  There was only 1 V this time.   It was similar to those I saw 40 years earlier but not identical.  One side of the V was straight and the other was not.  But instead of a simple offset it was wrinkled. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Circle of multi-colored lights in Lakeside, Ca. observed for 30 minutes Observed an object in the sky north west.  Lights in a circular pattern.  Green, Red, Blue, and White lights could be seen with the naked eye as object moved slowly towards the south west it paused in the sky twice.   Both times it changed direction and eventually moved east until it was not visible.   You could see the light rotating and the shape as it direction changed with the use of binoculars."
"Flickering, cross shaped, white vertical core light with blue center and extremely bright with glows off and out to sides, top & bottom It was just about 20 minutes ago, stars are out, and one exceptionally large, cross shaped object in the sky caught my attention.  It had a blue light near center, the core was a vertical white light and the glow was star like off all edges, like fingers, not the normal star nor was it an obvious aircraft because of it not moving for such an extended period of time, and it appeared too large for an aircraft, and  it was west of us here in Sonoma, it looked like it was over the town of Rohnert Park, Santa Rosa area.   It was huge and the bright lights both blue and white were something to see extending so far out of the core.  It hoverred and the lights went from extremely bright to nearly dissappearing and back again.  The glow made it nearly impossible to be an airplane and was deffinately not a hellicopter.  What was it??  It eventually disappeared and hasn\u2019t returned as I did go out to look just now. 23:02."
"1-20-09 Mysterious formation of lights over Pacific ocean. I opened the back door to let the dog out & noticed an extremely bright light.  At first disregarded, but a few minues later I opened it again to let dog in & the light had not appeared to move. For the following hour, we've continued to monitor this light(s). The lights are vaguely moving. The object seems to have grown closer & the light formation has seemed to change several times.  Will update later.... 10 minutes later, object seems to be moving down. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 106 ((NUFORC Note:  Incident has been explained by a terrestrial cause.  PD))"
"Objects are attracted to model rocket launch(es) and were captured by video. Our family, including wife, myself, son, and grandson enjoy launching model rockets skyward at a suburban area, free from aircraft and people in general.  I video recorded the launchings.  In further review of the videos frame by frame, small bright white to grey-scaled and colorful spherical objects larger than a basketball were found moving east to west and back, near ground level at high speed. Although very bright, we did not notice the object's presence at the time of capture. The subject videos were taken during midday.  While reviewing videos taken in February and March of 2015 at a later time, I noticed objects near or touching launched rocket components at altitude (approximately 1500ft) after parachute deployment.  One video was shown to Terry Ray, a MUFON Field Investigator, in person, at our residence on September 25, 2015. The objects were of several shapes and colors.  All of them were less than two feet in length/diameter.  Some were elongated, while others were bright white, orange, yellow, blue, or neutral in hue. The videos were carefully analyzed, then imaged with a still camera, the same Nikon D5100 and 18-200 mm ED lens used in the original capture.  While advancing frames I noticed extremely fast spherical objects moving east to west to east in front of a tree line located about 100 yards to the south from the launch pad.  There is also a surveyor's marker approximately 3-feet tall located about 100 feet, also south of the pad.  Using the marker to scale the objects close to and in front of it, their size could be roughly determined. From video, I also captured eight objects of uniform size above a small mountain crest to the southwest of the launch pad.  They appear static and in sharp focus. Additionally, a series of images show a fast, diffuse object traveling south-south east in the sky, then in front of a mountain crest, before becomming a static grey metallic orb-like object much larger than the other bright and colorful spheres indicated above. Spherical objects can be seen near the top and in front of the surveyor's marker.  They are white and/or orange in hue.  The only sound heard were rocket launchings and human responses. I recently checked the rocket with a ultraviolet light and did not notice any unusual marks on the rocket components.  Nor were there any marking on the tube, fins, or nosecone. There are many images taken that show in detail all of the above sightings.  I shall return to the launch site for further study with better equipment, including a chair to sit on at the surveyor's marker during launches and after. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"bright lights over hollywood they were six lights in the sky we thought they were stars but then they started to move and stop they kept doing this in one spot for about 20 min"
"3 red lights formed into a triangle formation, moving toward each other, then fading. There were 3 red lights that formed into a triangle.  They were moving toward each other and eventually started to disappear one by one.  We were in downtown Rochester as the sun was almost done setting."
"I saw a solid bright red circular object descending and headed south. I was standing in my backyard and when I looked up, I saw a solid, bright red, circular object.  It was flying at a low altitude and it passed right above me, overhead.  The object was traveling south and it was descending at a very slow speed.  It appeared to be under intelligent control, it was not free falling or flying erratically. It lasted about a minute and then it faded out to black in the nightime sky and completely disappeared, almost like it had become cloaked by turning invisible.  The object had no visible flashing lights,it was only bright red in color.  There was no sound whatsoever.   The sky was mostly cloudy and it had just rained about 40 minutes prior to the sighting.   There was also a plane spotted to the west of where the ufo was located at the same time."
"Possible Wormhole opens up in the night sky east of Payson Arizona In June of 2008, my family and I were camping east of Payson, Arizona. While star gazing and looking for satellites, we witnessed a bright solid light open up to around the diameter of the moon. It was a perfect sphere formation and seemed to be far out in the night sky about the distance of a satellite.  It lasted for about 2 or 3 seconds then quickly appeared to shrink in diameter until it disappeared,  as if it where some type of controlled technology similar to a wormhole. Six of us witnessed this phenomenon and will never forget it! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangle Formation of Bright lights in SKY Well I was playing soccer with my little brother and little sister and i looked up at the sky and i seen 3 bright white lights in triangle formation and i was like wait a min that shouldn't be there.   So we just looked at it and they stayed still for about 10 min and then formed a weird shape for about another 10 min and one disappeared and the other went slowly away and then all just went away."
"At dusk, my wife and I noticed a star that looked to be bright blue, with a white center very close to the earth,  I then noticed that it had a bright white star moving in tandom with it, at that same time we then noticed 2 more of these craft and started hearing engine sounds these smaller craft were flying underneath a very large triangle or diamond shaped craft that was just by a quick glance disguised as a constellation these craft could be heard coming in with the smaller craft making jet noises, but the big one was almost silent and when it flew over there was a very strong downdraft of wind at least 40/50 mph.  These craft circled our home all night and continue to this day, at dawn one will break off, lower itself to the ground, and start spinning at a 45\u00b0 angle expanding and contracting, with lights turning white then light blue and a noise like standing next to a transformer will start, with vibrations growing stronger and a intense magnetic field will become noticeable.  When the sun gets to where it's fully up, these ships will be drawn into the center and disdappear in a brilliant flash of light."
"bright green and red fast moving light I was standing in my living room looking out my front window at the cars going by.  It was just after sunset but there was still light in the sky, most of the cars had not yet turned on their headlights.  Across the street over the woods I saw a bright green light moving very quickly across the sky at a downward angle of about 30 degrees.  It had an equally bright red trail or light behind it. It seemed to appear out of nowhere and disappeared when it went behind a low cloud.  My first thought was that it was a shooting star but I ruled it out immediately as it was still light enough out not to see any stars and the color was a very distinct green followed by red.  Also it was larger than any shooting star I have seen.  I had just got off the phone with a friend when it happened and called back right away as I thought I might forget the details of it if I did not tell anyone. It happened very quickly.  I could not judge the distance but it seemed far. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"unknown aircraft that dimmed and brightened when moving. Having received a call from a friend in Springfield, Massachusetts, that an object he saw was headed my way, I headed out to find the object and try to identify it as I am an aviation enthusiast.   I saw a few lights and was able to identify them as commercial aircraft.  But one light seemed to stay ahead of me.   I maintained visual contact with it in my car and finally got close enough in Broad Brook, Connecticut.  It had a bright pale yellow light and almost seemed to hover.   Very suddenly it got 10 times brighter, its color changing into a bright white light and it moved very rapidly towards me.  And as it drew very close, its color again dimmed to a pale yellow and it slowed almost into a hover.   It then proceeded to turn towards the northwest.  As it did, I saw it had 4 pale yellow lights with a red, blue, amber and green light next to each pale yellow light.  It leveled off, got very bright again, and took of so fast I lost contact.   This object was ! no commercial aircraft and it moved far too fast to be a helicopter or a tilt rotor aircraft such as an Osprey.   And note, no aircraft, civilian or military, has an amber light. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Rainbow diamond over Port Townsend, WA Can still see the object slowly moving.  It looks like like rainbow colors in white, blue, red, green.  It is in the eastern part of the sky.  Appears to stay in place and then slowly/ barely will move to the right. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"one fireball splits into fours falling towards earth disappearing before main fireball disappeared Me and my friend are riding and I happen to look in the sky first I thought it was a shooting star but it didn't move until it split up so then I thought it was fireworks but these fireworks weren't going up ..  I seen one fireball (look like shooting star ) that split into four that were falling, they disappeared but the first ball was still there before it disappeared but not before my friend seen it too (he only seen the last ball cause he was driving) also it was a craft right beside it with a light I figured a helicopter was looking. g on cause it was just floating in same spot ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"04/18/2015 18:00  Bright White Triangle Appeared over Staten Island for an hour. On Saturday, April 18, 2015, at around 8:pm EST, I looked out the window to watch the stars come out.  I noticed a brilliant white light, in a tall triangular shape, in the NW sector of the sky, from where I was located in a house atop a hill in the West Brighton neighborhood of Staten Island, NY. The light object was much brighter than the stars appearing, even brighter than a planet would normally look from the naked eye. Its shape was like a thin Christmas tree; I observed a red spot on the top of the \u201cstructure,\u201d white triangular long base, and three white dots positioned under the base.  From my perspective, the form was atleast five times larger than the other visible stars, and atleast two to three times bigger than planets I have seen in the night sky. The object appeared to be stationary.  I saw it scrunch down in size briefly, to approximately two thirds of its original size.  I was viewing it from inside the window at this time, and altered my position to see if it was a reflection, or distortion due to the screen, but I was seeing it from the clear pane of the window, above the half screen, in any case. I went outside to the front porch to view it again. It was still there (maybe ten minutes had passed), and had a soft white halo around it.  It stayed in the same place as I studied it from the porch, with no obstruction blocking or changing its image, as far as I could see. The tall triangular brilliant white object with the red top beacon, outshined the visible stars in the sky, as well as looking much larger than them (same size as listed before).  It remained in the same spot, as far as I could tell, for the duration of five minutes that I watched it.  I went back inside and checked it from the window.  No movement. I decided to check on the light shape the next hour, and when I looked out at 9:pm, the object was gone. On Tuesday, 4/21/15, I saw what appeared to be the same object, in the same basic spot.  It did look smaller, and this time I saw it slowly move away, towards and above Bayonne, New Jersey\u2019s, skies, a bit further to the left of where I first saw it on Saturday 4/18/15.   It continued to move on a steady course, appearing to decrease in size, though I think that was due to it leaving the vicinity.  I lost sight of it when it moved to the left and my view was blocked by a neighboring building across the street. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is well known to NUFORC, and we consider her to be quite reliable.  PD))"
"White and red blinking light moving across horizon, slowing down to a stop, then vanishing. I was at the Portland, Maine fireworks show with my aunt and her friend and I looked out towards the ocean.  I saw what I thought to be a jet coming to land at the nearby airport moving across the horizon where the ocean and the sky meet.  It was a blinking red and white light, like an airplanes rotating beacon light.  It was moving at normal airplane speed but then it started slowing down, and then it came to an almost complete stop.  I pointed it out to  my aunt, and she couldn't see it really well, then I looked back and it had vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red-ish orb floating across the sky about basketball size right above the cabins about 100 150 feet above land.  Saw it from land and my uncles saw it from the lake and the neighbors also saw it.  I'm freaking out."
"just little balls of light. I seen these little orange balls of light no bigger then a softball. They moved east to west very slow, two passed over my head no more ten ten feet. I saw those two 7/4/11    But I seen another that was one 7/3/11 that was yellow with a red ring around the top part of it.  It was going north.  I had a guy in a town south of me looking too, he seen 14 of them on 7/4/11.   No sound from these things. ((NUFORC Note:  Video indicates a tiny white object, that seems to be drifting in the wind.  Might be an airborne seed, in our opinion.  PD))"
"conformation by another Sighting Report Occurred : 11/10/2007 20:00 (Entered as : 11/10/2007 20:00) Reported: 11/11/2007 4:05:33 PM 16:05 Posted: 11/28/2007 Location: Jacksonville, FL Shape: Fireball Duration:3-5 Minutes Object entering southeastern Florida atmosphere at high velocity--NOT SPACE SHUTTLE  Leaving my home for a late evening bike ride I noticed an object several feet above the treeline entering our atmosphere in the southeastern sky.  I was confident that I was watching the space shuttle Discovery returning form it's mission. I watched as it streaked along the sky at a slow pace with what seemed to be sparks and embers trailing behind. It glowed orange and then red and back to a dark orange. After a few minutes it decended below the treeline where I could not see it. It also appeared to be losing its color. There were several aircraft that seemed to be in the vicinity so again I felt it was a normal shuttle landing.  I just read that the shuttle landed around 1:00pm versus this event that I witnessed around 8:00pm. I have contacted several news outlets that have also had recent calls regarding this strange object.  I have never seen something like this and wasn't unhinged about it until I found out it wasn't our space shuttle returning home.   saw the same thing looked like it stopped over the ocean then saw it take off right back the way it came at i very high rate of speed. my girlfriend watched it too ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A round orange object moved north to south.  It was at a low altitude and moved in a straight line.  There was no sound that i could hear. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Green sphere few 100 feet of the ground as we were traveling from Waterbury to Southbury.  While near Watertown exit seen the sphere heading left to right over the highway.  The car lite up as it passed.  Possibly associating with the other guys green light out in Bridgeport. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"i'm not sure if this is the right place to report this or not my husband and i was walking around our property we found circular indentations in the ground they were the size of a 3 lb coffee can and the size of a 5 gal bucket there was know foot prints around other then deere tracks i brought my son out today to show him the shapes on the ground and to ask him what he thought they were no explanation as i was walking across the field i found more of them in the sand where i waLKED YOU COULD SEEA INDENTATION IN THE GROUND OF 2 TO THREE INCHES BUT THE SHAPES WAS VERY ON THE GROUNDplease let me know what this might be?  my name is l((name and number deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, who sounds sincere to us.  We have requested that she take photos of the alleged marks, and forward them to our Center.  We do not know the date that the indentations were discovered; we have assigned an artificial date above.  PD))"
"VertIcal silver dumbell-shaped object photographed by witness Witness was walking his dogs outside.  It was a beautiful sunny day and he noticed that two airplanes were spraying the skies above him.  He went on and continued to walk the two dogs around the loop in the neighborhood, and just happened to look upward, as they were coming around the last corner of the loop, and there was an object hovering in the sky.  It looked like an airplane just at a standstill, not moving any direction.  He was a bit confused and stared at the object for what seemed like forever but was just a few seconds. After realizing he was looking at something that was not supposed to be, he ran with his dogs to his house, before entering his home he looked back at the object and it was still there. He got his camera, a Samsung ST66 and went to his front yard, which facing the object is NNE.  The object appeared to be white in color, solid and reflected sunlight which made the object flicker a metallic color.  The object never turned, zoomed, or anything.  He observed the object on record for a little over 11 mins.  There was an airplane in the sky just W of the object.  The object stayed stationary as clouds passed over.  The object disappeared a bit here and there until a clearing in the clouds would show it but it still was stationary.  After 11 mins, a long line of clouds covered the object and he either lost it or it disappeared.  There was nothing in the sky visible to him besides this object at NNE, a plane flying west of the object and some clouds.  He went inside after no longer being able to see the object and uploaded the video. (MUFON CMS, 97533)  [Photos aren\u2019t very probative, but they do seem to show a dumbbell-shaped object.  Nothing in the photos, unfortunately, to use as a frame of reference."
"Dark triangle-shaped object spotted while driving on I-35 in Georgetown, TX I saw a dark triangle shaped object floating in the sky while driving along I-35 with my son in the car.  He saw it as well, in addition to multiple drivers who slowed down to look up at it.  Many were pointing in the same direction I saw the object.  We lost sight of it after about ten minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Silent orange lights, initially traveling horizontally, and then rose vertically till they disappeared. Before I start, Thank You Peter for the forum you provide. I left a Christmas gathering a few minutes past 8:00pm and once outside noticed an orange light with an occasional \u201chalo\u201d effect that could be seen as it got closer. I could not see the \u201chalo\u201d part the whole time; it kind of flickered a bit, but the bright bottom was illuminated steadily.  I only saw one light at first.  It was silent and its movement seemed directional, not as if it were just drifting. I went back in and called others to come out and see (7 people in total). The first light was still there and I then saw two additional lights behind it, all having the same general characteristics (atypical from SkyLanterns, as the \u201cstructure\u201d above was not always visible). They seemed to be traveling on a \u201cflat plane\u201d at the same general altitude (guess-timated at 500 ft.) and then when they were over the property where we were standing, they seemed to go straight up, with the lights becoming smaller until they disappeared (possibly through the cloud cover). There was no further additional travel to the west, just seemingly \u201cup\u201d above the house and then out of sight. All in all, the lights were visible for about 3 minutes maximum. Roughly 2/3 of this time was in \u201cflat planar\u201d travel and 1/3 in what appeared to be vertical travel. While outside watching, I heard the reaction of neighbors to the left who were also observing, and their tone was of excited confusion. (A bit of \"What IS that?\" in excited speech).  I could not hear all of what was being said however. When I got home and had the opportunity to check weather stats from a local media weather site (WIVB ~9:20pm), the winds were noted as 4mph E on the site\u2019s front-page, and 0 mph calm N in their \"Current Conditions\" section.  Precipitation reflection on radar (for upper level winds) showed a very slow trend from north to south in direction. I checked additional stats taken from another weather website -  (Visibility 10.0 miles, Clouds Few 2800 ft Overcast 3900 ft (Wunderground) 10:55pm)   I also checked local news websites and their individual reporting forums for any type of chatter about sky sightings but didn\u2019t find anything. Still curious, I went back outside several times, not expecting to see anything, but saw another orange light southwest over Main St. at 8:59pm, and then saw a grouping of 4 others \u201cbehind\u201d the first, to the south (guess-timated at 800 ft.).  I lost track of the first, but they all came from the south traveling north and then seemed to angle west northwest and begin to go more vertically (~65 degree elevation from horizon). They then followed this trajectory slowly to the cloud cover and disappeared. The bright lights that were their primary composition would become smaller and smaller, although with similar brightness, as it elevated (counterintuitive to a flame in a SkyLantern exhausting itself), and it seemed to me that they were breaking through the cloud barrier. The group of 4 moved somewhat randomly although all in the same (very distinct) direction. All were going to the same area in the distance, but moving in and around each other in getting there.  There was then noticed that there was one straggler about 30 seconds behind. The group of 4 was almost gone when I noticed the last. This last one followed the same general trajectory, although it did seem to stay illuminated longer. Possibly due to height variance in cloud cover? These lights seemed to have the same longevity as the first group noticed at about 8:05pm, at least in terms of proportion. They were seemingly 2/3 \u201cplanar\u201d motion and 1/3 more vertical motion.  In total, the first group had 3 lights (1, then 2 following) at around 8:05pm and the later group had 6 in total (1, then 4, then 1) at ~9:00pm. Land distance between the two sightings was about 1.5 mi. The first group traveled from east to west then roughly at a 90 degree altitude straight up (total time observed \u2013 about 3 minutes), and then the second group from south to north then WNW at ~65 degree altitude (total time observed \u2013 about 5 minutes). I have seen nothing since. (I checked off-and-on till about 12:30am that night) I saw nothing great through binoculars either. I only had a good look at the last light in the second group, and its size did not change to any great degree\u2014maybe it was too distant.  Thanks again Peter for the good work that you do."
"Small blue-green orb speeding across sky to the west  then disappeared We were travelling in a car heading west when we looked up and saw a small orb that was moving horizontally across the sky from east to west.  It was travelling at an extremely high rate of speed, and then disppeared.  It had a blueish/greenish color, and there was no tail.  It was faster than anything I've ever seen.  It was light enough out to know that it was not a plane or star."
"UFO just hovering there As me and my brother were driving home from work, he noticed a cylinder shpaed objecct hovring high in the sky, i pulled over and we got out.  I can definitly say it wasnt a normal plane, work is close to the airport so i know a plane when i see one.although it was not on any flight path to other planes.  I cant say if it made a sound as work is in a semi industry area with constant noise.  It was giving off a light orange pulse then shot away in a northerly direction. It was gone from site within seconds. Both cellphones failed to take even a half decent picture all we got was a blurry shot of the night sky"
"colorful ufo Object 1 was multi-colored oscillating rapidly,  Stationary, appx. 200ft from ground. Object 2 Aqua Blue solid color, zigzagged over object 1 by 40 ft. Both objects disappeared   Object 1 reappeared about 3000ft to the west of its previously seen location."
"A very large bright light moving fromeast to west a a very high speed. I was out walking my dog at about 9:30 at night.  I  live on top of a mountain at about  8,000 feet. I  looked up at the sky and saw a very large bright light moving at high speed from the east to the west.  There was no sound and no flashing lights.  It was not a plane.  I at first thought that it might be the space station.  However, I did some research on  the internet and the space station was not over Avon on that night.  There were also not any known satellites in the area.  It was also moving much too fast for the space station according to a friend who has watched it several times.  It was not a meteor and did not leave a trail. It moved horizontally and was extremely bright.  There have been many UFO sightings in our area recently.   I felt that it was important to add this one to your database.    I am also hoping that someone else saw this one."
"Very bright non-flashing red light traveling from north to south ----- Clear night.  Very bright non-flashing red light going from north to south moving approximately twice as fast as the usual satellites that my wife and I see at night, as we sit out on our deck watching for them.  We generally see from two to three each night. Also, the red light was much brighter than the brightest planet.  Even brighter than the space station. Really couldn\u2019t estimate the altitude though. The night before, we witnessed what looked like a close call of a meteor and a satellite.  We were watching the satellite when a meteor flashed right in front of it.  A millisecond apart.  Of course we couldn\u2019t estimate the difference in altitude between the two.  It was just something that we had never seen before."
"My wife, son, sister and her two kids were watching a movie on the beach in Seaside Heights, NJ, with at least 25 other people when my wife said: &quot;look up there&quot;.  She was pointing upward while looking stretching to look backward in her beach chair.  At this time I quickly glanced up while noticing my sister also looking and several other movie watchers looking and pointing up.  I started observing what I assumed would be planes or helicopters, 6 in total, but because it was so dark and no outline was visible, I couldnt figure out what they were.  I then started to look at the lights, figuring there would be a flashing pattern of some kind.  There was no flashing, rather a steady stream of orange light that looked foggy for lack of better words.  This was not due to the weather as it was a clear enough night where the lights were sharp as was observed simultaneously as a smaller plane, headed north east, was very sharp like an led bulb.  It was easy! to look at that plane and see what it was and gauge an elevation and direction of flight, but these other things just kind of hung there for awhile and one by one disappeared from sight.  They seemed very close as if they were hovering only a few hundred feet above the shore line alike a coastguard helicopter, but there was no sound.  Best description I could give is saucer shaped with orange lights that spanned the circumference like was similar to a burning oil lamp.  I didn't take a picture or video for a number or reasons: other people were already doing so, I was trying to figure out what they were, I was mesmerized and didn't want to look away, figured eventually I would see it was just a plane as I didn't exspect them to vanish and not into a cloud or the horizon they just blinked away."
"Okay, this is going to soundIsometimesIwas discussing physics with my neighbor, it was cloudy that night.  The clouds were rather low.  The shape of the craft was something like a bat wing.  It was probably about 300-400 feet high.  It was silent and it was heading North.   It actually was not moving fast at all.  If I had to guess, it was moving a tad bit faster than the clouds.  The clouds though, the clouds were moving south, the opposite direction of the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  One of two reports from the same source.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Red glowing object seen over small town several years ago. I am reporting this incident retrospectively to both assist my recollection of events and attempt to gain a better understanding of what my father and I saw several years ago (between spring 1984 and 1986) when I was about 9 years old.  It was late evening after a baseball game between 8 and 9:00 at night.  After several years of denial, my father recently confirmed that he too witnessed the following events.  After leaving the local convenience store heading towards Leonard, I noticed a cylinder like object hovering nearby.  From my perspective, the object appeared to be the size 18-wheeler.  The object was stationary for about 3 minutes and proceeded to parallel us as my father drove towards downtown.  We followed the object for about 10 more minutes towards Leonard.  We continued seeing the object moving slightly faster than we were driving.  About half way between Trenton and Leonard, the object moved south west over an empty field, staying at the same altitude, and rapidly moved upwards vanishing into the night sky.  It did not resemble the traditional UFO flying disk shape.  The object was shaped like a flattened blimp.  My father described it more as an elongated egg.  I remember that the object was red with many lights--red, white, and possibly blue).  The object was glowing with a dim red.  The edges of the area were glowing a darker red.  Additional red lights flashed in a random pattern at the bottom of the object.  The white lights were along the side of the object.  I believe that the blue or green lights also were along the bottom of the object as well.  At the initial sighting when the object was hovering, the object appeared to have a metallic-like texture with at least one horizontal crease.  It's hard to describe, but the object was more than a form of light; it had an odd, wavy, gridded, metal-like texture to it.  The white lights did not appear round, but rather small squares.  In retrospect, the white light may have been the illumination of the horizontal crease.  The lights also did not appear to illuminate the surrounding area.  I could not see any wings or propellers--as would be on a helicopter.  The object did not make any sound and despite how close it was.  It also did not disturb any of the surrounding trees.  A helicopter that was as near as this object was would have been audible and disturbed the branches on the surrounding trees.  Again, these events occurred many years ago and I wish that I had made a more detailed observation of the events at the time.  However, I was a child at the time and only recently had these events confirmed by my father who was reluctant to discuss these events.  It would be incredibly helpful if others could guide me in the research of this event and other events similar to this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Amber light flickered into bright position over Paradise Valley, joined by second amber light, faded and returned many times Amber light flickered into bright position, remaining positioned rigidly over North Scottsdale (Paradise Valley), occasionally flickering out, then returning, and sometimes joined by identical amber light close by at approximately same altitude, neither light moving.   Light faded, then repeatedly returned over twenty minute period.  May have been farther off, perhaps over Phoenix, but from hillside position, appeared between Camelback Mountain and McDowell Mountains, over neighborhood."
"3 circle objects appear over town     The first one appeared prior to the fireworkss display. The air space in the area was restricted due to the fireworks display, and they were high enough up to not be affected by the fireworks. Then the other two followed the exact same path as the first. They were flashing colored lights, so it was definitely no plane. There was no unusual noise made by them.. here are the videos of the UFO's http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEnmdRHv5EY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQFaAMYOACc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg5pab_MNt4 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"On a flight back to Hartford, Connecticut, from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, we started our initial descent towards Hartford, Connecticut, I believe this was over New Jersey.  I was filming a jet far off and a distance going left to right out of my window.  After I said the words the 15 minutes natal small white light appeared in the top right part of the video.  It hovered for a few seconds maybe 3 and then floated down in disappeared to the right.  About 2 seconds later, 3 bright objects information flew from right to left and in an upward angle extremely extremely fast. I do not believe this could have been a light reflection from inside my plane although it could be.  I don't know maybe you looking at the video and slowing it down could probably decide that period.  Thank you"
"Blue and white streak with tail traveling in NE sky that disappeared then followed by a blue circular shape with a white ring twice. While traveling North on I-69 at approximately mile marker 17, I saw a blue and white streak traveling across the NE sky.  The streak had a tail like a comet.   A second after the streak disappeared, a blue circle with a white ring flashed in the horizon at 3:00 positions in the sky for 1 or 2 seconds.  Then above the tree tops approximately one second later the blue circle with white ring appeared again for one second.  All three images occurred within a 6 to 10 seconds.   The sky was clear but the blue and white circle flashes appeared to have smoke or a cloud around the light...light exhaust.   This occurred at 8:43 Central Time."
"Two lights of in the distance. The object was composed of two white blinking lights at what seemed to be common intervals.  Although there were two lights they moved as one slightly left to right.   The craft appeared after an airplane passed by stayed for 2 minutes and then just disappeared not even fly away, just gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"This light came across,  stopped for 1 second, then immediately bursted away. This shape moved quickly across the Eastern sky.  It performed two quick bursts along our skyline.  It was really quick.  Immediately disappeared."
"there formation/armada was huge. I was looking at stars with my dad over puget sound when i look west and see 28-30 redish orange orb lights stationarie in the sky.  not florecent lights like we use on earth,it was more like a different type of light, an energy ball that had a golden tint around the formation of ufos.i felt that there was a tremendous amount of very radiant energy comming off of the sun like orbs. The armad/formation of ufos were only here for aproximintly 10 min then they vinished into thin air like smoke."
"Saucer/disk seen by one middle schooler in Brandon, South Dakota. I was on the bus heading home.  When I looked out my window to see three saucer shaped disks flying.  You might think my head was playing tricks on me nut I swear I saw these flashes coming from these saucers.  At first they were moving slow then at a quicker pace each second.  I turned to tell my friend but by the time she looked out the window the saucers were gone.  Lots of people thought I was crazy when I told them about it on the bus. I swear I saw three disks flying around that day, and I am not crazy.  Well this all was happening I noticed that I felt sick to the stomach and got red blotch's on my skin for a short period of time."
"7 small objects appeared as birds then after 3 seconds they form 1 big object then disappeared into the sky Fast very Fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright light that stayed put then streaked away suddenly Sitting on front porch, observed a bright light in the sky that appeared to be at first a distant plane with landing lights on, but what caught our immediate attention was that it did not move its position in the sky, it flat out didn't move.   We watched this for a couple of minutes, trying to figure out whether it was really staying still or just some sort of illusion of not moving.  Suddenly it just seemed to zip quickly off in a small streak, and it was completly gone...no sounds or other lights, just nothing at all.  Not sure what we were looking at."
"3 chrome colored spheres hovering in one position over a field. Approx 100 feet high. Near Brooks Oregon, I spotted 3 chrome colored spheres just hovering about 100 feet above the ground. I took a picture of one of them using my cell phone.  Using a photo editing program, I tried to zoom in on the object, and there is nothing in the picture to be seen? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"UFO changing before my eye's absolutely no sound. A UFO appeared, and was changing  right before my eye\u2019s.  I had been outside looking at the stars.  The sky was dark, clear of clouds, and the moon hadn\u2019t risen yet.  I came back into the house and sat in the recliner to watch television.  I am looking at the TV right next to the full sliding screen door to the open porch directly in front of me.  The view of the sky from where I am setting is jet black. Suddenly a red circle appeared. It was large not small like a star.  I\u2019ve never seen anything like this in the sky.  The color was like a dark red ripe strawberry.  As I ran out onto the porch it changed right in front  of my eye\u2019s.  There was a orange red deep crescent thicker in the middle and tapering at each upward point .  There were two perfect circles watermelon colored  above each point of the crescent. It was moving in a vertical position horizontally  across the sky.  The size of the circles were like the size of a pencil eraser compared to a star ,and the depth of the crescent was at least  three times as long as the circle\u2019s size.  Next there appears  a  frame of light yellow gold in the shape  of an elliptical with the circles midway of the yellow gold frame there appears to be cup like indentations on right and left top, outlined by the yellow gold frame.  The frame appears to be equal in height above the circles as the orange red crescent is below.  The size is now ! much larger now. There is nothing visible in the center. The object is slowly moving behind the treetops , the tree is approximately 40-50 feet tall.  I can see light   Through the trees.  The glimpses I can see it seems to have changed position .  I can see it more horizontal to the ground with white in the center.  At this point it definitely looks like a craft.  It\u2019s gone behind a taller tree and all I can see is light coming through the tree for a couple of seconds. Then I see it again this time clearer.  I see two  bright  white large rounded cylinder shaped protrusions in the center  with a deep red circle on either side.  It is tilting toward me as it passes from behind the tree. It seems extremely close like two hundred feet or less, and its large.  Now it suddenly turned and I see four white rounded cylinder shapes sticking up from one side giving it a somewhat shape of a crown or tiara.   At this point I realize that this object is not  making a sound !!!   I turned and ran as fast as I could into the house to get a camera and ran out the back door to the front yard , but by the time I got out there it was gone.  I so much wish I would have just stayed there watching .  At least I saw what I saw  and it was the most spectacular thing I\u2019ve ever seen in the sky. This all took place 30 seconds or less , with the object only being clearly visible  for 5-10 seconds.  The object first appeared in the southern sky moving in a northeastern direction.  It was visible to me in the area of the old Beloit Hospital off Olympian Blvd. Beloit, Wisconsin. 10:45 pm Friday June 8-2012TT ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to us to be quite sincere, and eloquent in her description of the object.  PD))"
