"An extremely fast zig-zag of light in the North sky. It was a summer evening, and I was driving home from a college evening class at around 10:30pm traveling north on Hampton Rd in Cape St. Claire towards the Chesapeake.   When I got to the top of the big hill and starting down, I saw a very fast Zig-Zag light in the north west sky.  It appeared to be a circle of light which seemed far away and somewhat high in the sky.  I was heading towards River Bay Rd. and I think looking towards Adams Point area along the Magothy River.  When I arrived home just a few minutes later which was less than a mile away from the sighting, my father was worried and upset because he said it was 12:30am.  I do not remember a thing about the lost time of 2 hours. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in July 1989 is approximate.  PD))"
"2 Orange fireballs in the night sky while fire works are going off around it. I was sitting in my drive way watching the fire works going off.  I had looked over and saw some thing that looked like an ember floating and pointed it to my neighbor.  We stood and looked and it got larger and brighter.  It was coming from the South headed North.  As we watched it turned East and we watched as it got in the distance and faded away.  It was about as high as the tree tops and we saw no sign of any lights that would mark a plane or helecopter.  It made no noise at all. My neighbor went in and I moved to my back yard to watch and again I saw a fire ball of Orange color following the same patn.  I ran and knocked on my other neighbors door and he came out to see. It was very much like what we had seen several months.  AMAZING.  I went and got my telescope and sat for a bit watching and nothing."
"Observed object above clouds, east of my house.  Object was orange and appeared to glowing.  I went to my truck to get my binoculars.   My wife and daughter were present, and observed the object also. The object was diamond shaped and was rotating.  When the object rotated, it appeared to change shape, looking thinner, with a white line running vertically done the center.   We watched the object until a cloud blocked the view.   The object was stationary in the sky."
"Large saucer flying over our street My Fiance and I were outside, looking at the sky. We watched what we thought were the ISS and some satellites (were in fact UFO's and I reported that sighting as well).   After that sighting, we saw a HUGE craft in the east flying down above our street.  It had a large light on top and smaller, flashing lights on the bottom.   The craft moved without making a single sound.   After it disappeared behind the building in front of us, we saw a plane flying in about the same spot, which we used for comparison to determine that the craft was indeed not a plane."
"RE:  UFO Circular light formation 6-16-2012 sighting @ midnight   My  sighting which was on last Saturday night 6-16-12; and from my home in St. Joe, AR, at midnight out my front window I saw in the north sky, I observed a large circular light formation with a center light; all glowing 9-fluorescent-green lights/orbs in total 8, forming the outside circle and 1 in the center, evenly spaced, and moving slowly east (from west to east); like a wheel moving but not rolling; the lights were stationary and all moving in unison towards the east from the west. I ran to get my camera, after being sure of what I saw and observing clearly what I was seeing for about 1 minute--I returned and went out the front door and the orbs were gone, I waited awhile, but they didn\u2019t return, so I went back inside. As best indicated below:  The fluorescent-green orbs seemed to be the size of baseballs up in the night sky; like the size of a huge ferris-wheel, but not rolling. ((NUFORC Note:  The diagram, which the witness tried to include, did not survive the transfer from the Online Report Form to the database.  We will post that report on the NUFORC homepage.  00:00 hrs. on SaturdayPD"
"Large egg -shapped object floatted in farm yard area in the North Espirito Santo State, Brazil That action took place during the '94 or '95, and was report to me by the witness, a transporter company owner. He and his driver were travelling in the North region of the Espirito Santo State ,  Brasil, during a hard inspection of the roads  conditions and facilities. As the night approached they stopped in a very small land farm house, very far from the principal town, and decided to stop in there during the night. The owners, a very simple old couple, received them very kindly, and said that besides  his son was spected to arrive during the  same night ( he was a truck driver) but have no problem to received them, also. During the night (> 03:00 AM) my friend saw a very brightly light shinning troughout the window's fenestry. He thought: \" The driver is coming with his truck\" - and contineud to rest sleepping. Early in the morning, he asked to the old couple where was their son that supposed to come. ' Oh!! you saw the lights too!' We wake up and oppened the windows as soon we saw the bright light, imagining it was the truck coming. But, all we saw and heard the chikens noise and a strange and very clearly large egg object moving very slowly from the chikens 's area and coming to our direction. We saw there were two men  inside, behind a large glass window. As soon as it got 20 meters from our window, it moved to another direction and then disappeared. We didn\u00b4t wake both you up, bacause we thought you were tired and sleeping.  In the end of the same week, a similar object appeared on the South Region of the State (about 500 km  away) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"bright orange/red plazma field surrounds outside of craft, with alternating color lights on bottom Same craft as seen last year; Howell, Michigan, 3 min, 7/04/2013, return visit, Higher altitude this year, aprox, 5000 ft, after fireworks display, came across lake towards us, round craft, alternating bright lights on bottom, rotating, craft in what looks like a bright red/orange plazma field surrounding body of craft, moving slow steady speed across our path, than up into atmosphere at high rate of speed, later came back in different part of the night sky. this lasted 5 min., no sound as last year was the same. do have a photo, it is a 1 min exposure and only shows the bath of the object in very bright plazma. will send if you email me, thanks."
"20-25 bright orange orbs in full moon night sky, formed a line and changed direction, then disappeared Bright Orange Orbs began to appear low on the Western horizon, they began to appear in intervals of about seven seconds apart in pairs, they rose high in the sky and formed a curved string heading east then taking a southern turn, after about seven seconds from taking the turn then they disappeared.  One final orb came last, following the others---it was twice the size and more intensely bright than the earlier smaller ones.  They all pulsated. There were approx. 20 to 25 orbs. Witnesses were a 17 year old & a 14 year old (daughters), a 52 year old (mom) and a 55 year old (dad)."
"12-20 orange orbs float and fade away seen by 2 witnesses . They were orange/red and were all moving together, then slowly faded out. Any pictures I had were rushed and blurry as I had no tripod.  There were about 12-20, with them fading out, and new ones coming in.  They were about behind some tall trees in the night sky.  They were a circle/sphere shape.  There were also two of us who saw it, and we have seen a single one on the 4th of July also."
"17 objects in the sky moving in a side to side and up and down pattern.  All 17 objects moved away and slowly faded away as if they were leaving orbit.   I went outside with my 15 year old daughter and her friend, and my daughter pointed out the lights in the sky.  We were going to bang pots and pans for the new year and stopped to look at the lights in the sky. We watched the lights for about 5 min. till they left and pointed the lights out to my neighbor."
"N ine colored hovering spheres and helicopters rbelow spotted from holiday lake est. over florida power nine round spheres glowing diffrent brillint colores just before dark spaced evenly apart not moveing. over florida power plant.then a bunch of helicopters came from the south far below the spheres ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date in 1972 is approximate.  PD))"
"An eerie glowing aircraft with no sound over Kenosha Wisconsin I was just coming home from work.  And I was in a hurry to get into my house because there was lightning just north of me in the next county.   But when I got out of my car.  I caught this glow from the corner of my eye. I turned south toward the glow. It\u2019s color was unusual, like if it were white, red, yellow, and soft and bright all at the same time.  It came closer, very eerily. At an unusual pace. I heard no sound coming from this aircraft.  Just gliding almost felt like it was rising and moving towards me at the same time.  And once it got right above my head, the glow disappeared, and all you saw were about 6 or 7 lights moving in a horizontal diamond shape.  I felt paralyzed with fear but pushed myself to get closer to my house.  The colors of the lights were different and I couldn\u2019t tell what they were, just colors.  And it quietly moved pass with no sound.   Right after it passed.  From the east a commercial plane passed quickly.  I could here the sound from its engine just fine."
"Witnessed orange ball of light in night sky, followed by sleepwalking disturbances for several months.  1983, Frankfurt, Germany, In 1983, I witnessed something in the night sky, while living in Frankfurt, Germany, while standing on our 3rd floor balcony with my mom, just before bed.  I have always been fascinated with all things space and love looking at stars, especially on clear nights.  In the distance was what I would call an \"orange ball of light/sphere\", traveling at a very slow rate of speed from left to right. Thinking back now, I would place it somewhere around 15,000-20,000 ft in the air, and miles away.  It moved slowly enough for us to visibly see it, and track the slow progress (pointing at it with my finger and following the path).  With a few minutes having past it finally shot at high rate of speed at a completely different angle and disappeared.  We were both in a state of amazement and shock, and as a 9 year old full of questions. For the next 6 months following this event I experienced a trance-like sleepwalking state.  It would happen late at night, and got so worrisome that my parents took me in to see a specialist/psychologist.  The best description I can give of what I experienced is being a \"passenger\"...everything visually moving in extremely slow motion, while at the same time hearing what seemed to be a thousand voices (in a frantic manner)...what I would describe as \"chatter\".  Not being able to make out anything in detail, but remembering it being very upsetting while I was in the sleepwalking state.  Often a female or softly spoken voice seemed to be planted directly in my head reassuring me that everything would be okay and not to worry.  As I had come to learn from my parents the next day they would describe my demeanor as starting in a comatose state, although walking around, and then out of nowhere break into frantic screaming and tears, but unable to wake me from it. After months of seeing the specialist nothing seemed to change, and then all of a sudden it just stopped.  I had never felt that sensation before, but when I was 17 years old (1991, living in Columbus, OH) I felt an odd sense of deja vu late one evening, although awake this time.  The sensation felt a bit like telepathy, I heard the same \"chatter\", and for what seemed to be 15-20 seconds I was once again a \"passenger\".  Since I was awake I tried to make sense of what I was feeling, but it seemed far beyond any sense of normal comprehension.  Since then I haven't experienced anything similar, but throughout the years have experienced dreams that seem more like visions, and as of late have experienced the beginning stages of what could be considered Astral Projection while meditating. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"8 amber colored spheres seen in the sky traveling in formation, then disappearing. A little after 7:30 pm, I stepped out to walk my dog.  It was a clear night and I noticed five bright amber colored circular lights traveling silently in the sky.  They were lower than an airplane but higher than a low helicopter.  They were in a straight line traveling close together from west to east.   At one point the group formed a \u2018t\u2019 like pattern.  It reminded my of an air show where planes travel very close together and make formations.   I ran inside to get my husband to see the oddity.  He came out with me and we stood at the end of my driveway and were looking at the lights traveling.  One of my neighbors was walking his dog and he also looked up to see the things in the sky.   Then in front of our eyes, one by one, they flickered out and disappeared.   My neighbor then continued home, my husband went inside and I stayed outside to see if any more would show up.   A minute or two later another string of three came through the same west to east path.  They also disappeared by flickering out. I am college educated with a masters degree in business.  I have never seen any objects in the sky behave in this manner before, nor have I ever before been a 'believer' in ufo's."
"Light in sky saves malfunctioning airplane. As I was walking my dogs, I watched a Commercial airplane cross the sky.  I noticed its Chem trail had 2 blank spots/spurts in it.  I thought to myself \"I hope they are not having engine trouble\".   Suddenly, a ball of light materialized from way below the plane.  It  began like a flare and became a complete ball of light.  It then moved up across the right side of the aircraft, stopped, then the shape changed to an oblong shape and  went straight up into the sky.  I believe the light helped the plane because the chem trail was now coming out normal."
"Observed 10-12 metallic spheres, flying in formation, during daylight flying from Santa Cruz Mtns toward Monterey Bay. I was outside in my back yard talking on the phone to my daughter who said my 4 yr old granddaughter wanted to talk to me.   I heard a low roaring sound like a jet and instinctly looked up toward the east for the plane, while I listened to my granddaughter ramble.  I saw a metallic flash through the tree branches and thought \"there's the plane\".  But then, I saw several other metallic flashes and I stepped out into the open looking up.  There was a configuration of 10-12 metallic-type balls.  At first I thought they were balloons, but that didn't make sense.  Then I thought they must be birds which also made no sense.  The sky was clear blue but was surrounded by heavy clouds to the east over the Santa Cruz mountains.  I watched as they seem to \"float\" across the sky and I kept trying to figure out what they were.  There were no fins, appendages or moving parts.  They were perfectly spherical and silver.  Then I realized they were flying in a formation of several groups of three to four in each group.  The center group consisted of three.  They seemed perfectly spaced.  Suddenly, the left sphere in the lead group instantly \"dipped\" towards the lead sphere and then darted back into its previous location.  I watched them move from northeast to southwest heading towards the Monterey Bay.  I called the newspaper to find out if anyone else had reported seeing spheres in the sky flying in formation. They told me no.  I live approximately four blocks from West Cliff Drive in Santa Cruz City.   The weather had cleared, the sun had been shining for a couple of hours and so I know there had to be lots of people jogging, surfing and walking their dogs.   I can't believe I am the only one who witnessed this phenomena.  I talked to my husband, who has a Ph.d in quantum physics and chemistry.  He suggested balloons..maybe someone let a bunch of balloons go at the same time---but as I told him  \"  Since when do balloons fly in formation?\"   I used to work on the original F/A-18 program at Patuxent Naval Air Station.  I know a little something about aircraft.  These were no aircraft and were definitely metal or metallic.  They were so bright with the sun shining on them.   The only other observation I found weird was the silence.  The air was still, there were no birds singing, everything was just quiet."
"Sightings of red orbs in Norman Went outside and saw 3 flying circles.  Thought they were comets or planes but looked too odd to be a plane. 1 more came streaking fast and then another and another.  Then 3 came close to each other flying SE to NW.   Could see in distance for a long time."
"My wife and I witnessed a dark shadow moving down our sidewalk when nothing was there to make a shadow for an entire block. After moving into my wife's house in Arlington Washington, near Arlington airport back in 2004 we witnessed something extraordinary while clearing and plowing a new garden in our backyard. Our cat suddenly started to act odd and was making strange yowling noises. She then suddenly jumped over our wood fence into the front yard in a run. That struck me as very odd. So I looked through the slits between the fence boards to see where she was going.  As I peered through the slits between the boards of the fence I saw a shadow moving down the sidewalk outside our house. At first I didn't think much of it. But then the alarms went off when I realized that shadow was showing up on the ground under the shade of a very large tree we have in our front yard. How can there be a shadow inside a very shaded area? That is when I looked again, but closer. Then I saw it. a thick very black shadow on the ground that was moving from 176th PL NE on 39th Dr NE in a south direction on the sidewalk past our house. I then noticed not only was our cat following this shadow on the ground, but a few other cats from our neighborhood were also following it. Ever seen a cat go after a laser pointer? That is exactly what all the cats were doing. Like they were trying to catch it. I know it wasn't just the shadow that attracted them because of the way our cat sensed it from the other side of the fence in our backyard. It was really weird.  Then I pulled my head over the fence to look straight at it. This thing was invisible when you looked at it straight on, you couldn't see it at all. You could only see it when looking through the small gaps between the boards of our fence. It was moving slowly. To me it looked like the shape of a guy in a space suit pulling a kids wagon. I called my wife over to look. It took her a while to see it, and it didn't register with her that it was something unusual. I had to point it out to her. I said \"It's a shadow in the shade\"! Then she got it and her eyes got big. We watched it until it moved too far down the street for us to see it anymore. The last thing we could see were the cats following it because the street turns sharply just a few houses down and changes name to 175th PL NE. We decided whatever it was we didn't want to mess with it or investigate further. Especially since we couldn't see it looking straight at it.  Another caveat to this story is we had a child's wading pool full of water in our front yard. It had no leaks. I say this because it would hold water all day long. But all this same week leading up to this anomaly (shadow thing), at night the kid wading pool would get completely drained. As if something or someone was siphoning out all the water. I kept filling it back up and testing it for leaks. It would hold all day everyday, but be empty in the morning.  A few days after all this happened someone from Snohomish water conservation came to offer us \"free rain barrels making class\". She seemed very interested in striking up conversation. She was cute, blond, late 20s to early 30s. But she just stood there not saying anything after introducing herself and handing me the pamphlet about the class. But she was waiting for me to say something. It was REALLY strange and awkward. I got the distinct intuition that it was related to the shadow we witnessed and the disappearing water. Whatever that thing was, they knew about it and wanted to help us put water out for it. They knew it was taking water off of our property and they were trying to get us to provide water at that location for it. We went to the class and I did set up that rain-barrel. But I put cameras on it. Nothing ever showed up and I never noticed water missing from that rain barrel. I still get newsletters from that group at Snohomish water conservation to this! day. I never posted anything because I didn't know where to post it! And the whole thing seemed too far fetched to tell people about. Seems appropriate here among all the glowing lights people report. http://snohomishcd.org/rain-barrel-program/"
"two saucers and a lighting bolt I seen A cloud so i went to the end of my street to take a picture! I took 3 pictures in the same location I just zoomed in on different angals! I didnt think anything of it, untill i looked at my pictures and was amazed at what i had captured!"
"Flat, agile. My friend and I went out to the pier to fish because it wouldn't be crowded with tourists.  My friend and I are the only ones out on the pier.   We were fishing for about 15 minutes until my friend tells me to look at the top of the hill.   We see a light and the light begins to flicker and it slowly goes vertical.   The object then goes from that side of the mountain all the way over to the opposite side of the island.  There were multiple flat objects using green lights, red lights, and white lights.  There was no possible way a drone or a plane could have been in and out of such altitudes with such speeds.   I took multiple videos and pictures we are not making this up please contact me as soon as possible so I can send out the pictures.  We witnessed three flat incredibly versatile objects in the sky forming an acute triangle.  Also, light patterns were very odd and uncommon.  This was not a typical plane coming in.   I contacted my dad while I was watching this entire th! ing and he gave me the link to contact you.  My friend and I are freaking out on the pier looking for ANYBODY, so we decided to leave the pier and head back to our condo and watch on the balcony.  On the balcony we had the best view to witness these absurdly agile non-commercial crafts or saucers or whatever the proper term is.  Our families go to Catalina Island every year and this island is a hotspot for extraterrestrial activity.  It is commonly known to have naval activity and military activity behind Avalon (the main city).  These crafts had the ability to go vertical within a second and reach speeds I have never seen.  There was not just one of these we saw around 4-5 of these on our balcony.  These crafts began circling each other in the air, and two crafts continuously came at each other from the opposite sides of the island and right when it looks like they are about to hit they stop immediately and begin flying synchronized.  Feel free to give me a call so I can chronologically explain the story."
"Luminous circle raising slowly, then exploding. This happened in the late 80's.  I was about 14 at the time (I can't remember the year exactly).  I was outside in my parents' backyard in Nominingue, QC, on a summer evening.  It was after sunset and the sky was getting dark, but not dark enough to see stars yet. What I saw was a luminous circle West of me at an elevation of about 30 degrees.  The circle was light blue and about the size of a light bulb seen from 10 feet away.  The object was not very bright.  The best way to visualize it is to imagine a circle of daytime blue sky in the darker sky. The object was rising slowly at about half an inch per second from my point of view.  There was no noise at this point.  I got to watch the object for less than 10 seconds and then, it exploded.  It broke apart in chunks that started tumbling in free fall, leaving turbulent trails the same light blue as the original object.  The trails faded within a second. A few seconds after the explosion (I'd say 3 to 5 seconds), I heard the muffled sound of a blast, much like the sound made when someone ignites a gas stove.  I deduced from that that the object couldn't have been too far away.  There was no sound or vibration related to ground impact. The funny thing is after seeing this, I just went inside the house and never spoke of it with my parents even though I used to talk about UFOs with my father once in a while.  He had a few sightings of his own in his younger days.  Also, even though I can remember the details of the sighting quite clearly, the memory of when the sighting actually took place got fuzzy from the get go.  I always found that to be quite peculiar. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Hovering craft with red and green blinking lights.  Hovers for a minute and then moved to a new spot. I was walking my dog and we were passing through two buildings in my Condo Complex.  I heard a buzzing sound like a drone but didn't see anything.   After I came to the side walk I looked up and I saw 3-4 red blinking lights.  The aircraft was hovering high in the air, but the lights were extremely bright.   Within a few seconds of noticing the 3/4 bright red lights, a green light blinked.   The craft moved in a line and then stopped again.  Hovered for about 30-45 seconds and then moved again in a horizontal line.   At this point, I noticed another green light blinking.   I was quite mesmerized by the sight of this and it was definitely not a helicopter.   I was curious if anyone else saw something on this quiet night."
"Lights was moving in same directions going in then out. The objects was moving in same directions and the big one just stopped over my and my brother and my friend head. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report does not indicate a date of the alleged sighting, and indicates a time in the morning.  We have assigned above an arbitrary time and date, and will amend those data, once we've heard back from the witness.  PD))"
"Two balls of lighting zipping by in a fuselage formation over the field and then disappeared at low altitude Late in the evening around 10:00 PM, I was looking out my large kitchen window at the moon which was aglo and looked very eerie because it was so foggy that you could see the fog rolling under the motion light.   There was a very hazy sort of look and the moon was so bright it was beautiful.  I had glanced at the moon for just a second and I saw a very big, bright, and fast moving object in the eastern sky dart very quickly from South to North (right to left) at a 60 degree angle directly from the moon; it could'nt have been far a way as it wall low flying and I could see it well.  It was shaped like the fuselage of an airplane with two bright orange glowing balls that were at the center but spaced together to make the shape of a cigar with a pointy nose.  It went so fast and was a soft dull glow, and then just disapeared in a matter of seconds.  It happended so fast but made such an impact on me that I will never forget it.  I thought, how could this be a met! ior when there were two seperate balls together forming a shape moving at an angle so fast that it reminded me of a jet airplane flying low at an air show.  Didn't look like one though it was very strange and the lights in the middle seemed to cast an outer ring around it that was a whitish green (I think this was a reflection off the fog)it literally gave me chills and would love some kind of explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"There were 3 separate objects moving at a high rate of speed just above the clouds. Following each other one about 2 minutes in front of the other.  Traveling from South to North.  They were each identical; glowing orange, like a ball of fire, containing 2 alternating flashing colored lights"
"On the night of August 21st 2010, roughly around 1:30am heading home after work.  I saw a bronze sphere in the eastern sky.  I pulled up to the light at Calkins Rd & East Henrietta Rd.  I was turning right to head south on East Henrietta when the sphere pulsated 3 times then darted off to the north quicker then I could even keep up with.   This object was first thought to be a star and or Planet.  Honestly I didn't even believe what i saw, felt like people would laugh.  Sense that day I've seen even stranger things.  Just last night I was awake watching TV.  Decided to step out on my upper apartment deck when I saw this shooting star, no later then five minutes out of no where 3 double rotor unmarked choppers fly over my complex.   Get this, they didn't make a sound!  The sound they gave off was like driving with a sun roof open and a passenger window open.  Anyway that's about it. ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to what the time and date of the sighting were, and the contact information provided by the witness are non-functional.  PD))"
"A total of 3 objects with lights dimming in and out and were moving upward We were sitting outside and noticed what appeared to be stars lighting up and slowly moving upward.   Then the object would dim it lights for a few seconds and appear to be gone and then it would light up again and begin to move.   There were a total of 3 lights who would do this for a total of about 10 minutes.  They were in a triangle formation and the top object or light seemed to be the brightest and was moving upward the most.   Very interesting to watch.  It was as if they were trying to imitate the stars but stars don't move. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright orange object no sound Bright orange rectangular craft traveling North Eest at approximately 1000 feet AGL. No sound but moving fast. A group of about 100 people were listening to a Gettysburg Ghost story teller when the UFO appeared off to the South West. About 30 of the people started looking up and staring at the object. It had a very bright orange glow and as stated before no sound."
"A PICTURE TAKEN OF THE MOON AND VENUS REVEALED THIS THING I THOUGHT TO BE A SHOOTING STAR.  NO REPORTS OF SHOOTING STARS WERE REPORTED FOR THAT DATE/TIME/AREA.  JUST NOTICED A FLASH OUT OF THE CORNER OF MY EYE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE CAMERA FLASH.  DIDN'T THINK OF IT UNTIL LOOKING AT THE PHOTOS LATER THAT DAY.  I HAVE ATTACHED 2 PHOTOS.  ONE CLOSE UP.  LOOKS LIKE BLUE TO RED (MAYBE HEAT COMING OFF IT AS IT ENTERED THE ATMOSPHERE?)  IT WAS 5/24/2006 AT EXACTLY 4:37:42AM. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 reddish/orange diffused lights in the configuaration of \"an imperial star destroyer\" I'll start by saying that I am not a believer in aLIENS AND OUTER SPACE \"CREATURES\", MY ATTITUDEHAS ALWAYS BEEN THAT THIS SORT OF THING IS MILITARY BASED.  However what I experienced (if this is the right term) is beyond my imagination.  Tonight is Vov 4th (in this country the start f the Fireworks night to commemerate \"Guy Fawkes\" - what I saw tonight was not a firework.  I glanced out of my window at approx 8pm and initial thought the stars were very bright. On closer look there were 3 large red/orange lights in a triangualar formation. The two lights at the back being closer together than than front (I would suggest that ths spacing looked very close to a Star destroyer congiguration that would be seen in star wars (that probable puts pay to any credibility you may think I had).  I cam e down the stars and called to my mother to come out into the garden wereby she also confimd what I was seeing.  The three lights stayed perfectly aligned and travelled for approc 30 secs very slowly across the sky. At this time I ran back upsatiars to get a further view but the lights had disappeared. In the mean time my mother had come back into the house to call my father to take a look, when she looked out of the window again she too confirmed that the lights had gone.  What makes me think this was very odd:  1. We are on the flight path for planes from Heathrow to USA so are used to seeing lights in the sky and am used to determining sizes.  2. We are very close to FAIRFORD Airbase which over this last few weeks has been staging some sort of Nato Exercise. Local paepr stated that we would be seeing many different sorts of planes (we have, this was no plane).  3. Whaen I observed the \"Craft\" the lights were unusual in that they were reddish/orange slightlt diffused but large. All aircraft that I am familiar with have white strobes and I am used to the sizes.  4. When glancing up at this object although the only visible signs were the 3 orange/red lights the \"body\" of the craft blanked out all of the cloud making a very black shape against the night sky.  5. When the craft had disappeared the cloud could be seen again, thereby indicating to me that what had been between the 3 lights had infact been a solid object.  6. The configuaration of the lights would suggest to me that this was not 3 helicopters moving slowly in formation (it could not have been an aircraft to be flying so slowly).  What more can I say - I am not crazy, I do not believe in UFO's- Unless the military operating out of FAIRFORD airbase have got a secret vehicle the size of a star destroyer from the star wars films I have to belive that this is an encounter with something from space."
"something is glowing in the sky ..yellowish ornage in color .this is the brightest light I have ever seen.. On July 6,2010 at 10:01pm.. I was outside watering the lawn ... a very clear night the stars were out and it was very quite..when I noticed something different in the sky .. a red orange ball glowing .. not moving to fast I counted 1001-1005 and it was out of my sight ..I followed on about a 90 degree angle..  I have lived in the Seattle area for about 50 years and I know this was no airplane .. there was no sound .. where I live if you see a plane you hear it"
"Orange lights ORB silent and odd movement with VIDEO I witnessed a very bright orange light appear into the sky.  The light changed from bright to dark orange almost in a pulsating fashion.  Its movement was silent and gracefulty made its way across the night sky at times slowing and moving faster.  I was having a smoke on my balcony as i always do around this time of night.   As fast as I could I grabbed my smartphone to try and capture a video. its not the best video but its what i saw and its un-edited.  This \"ORB\" was in the sky  It was in the sky about 75 seconds (The ORB came from the direction of the Oakland Coliseum home of the A's & Raiders and came towards my place next Lake Merritt) before i was able to get my phone out and record the next 26 seconds on video, so in total it lasted about 1 minute 40 seconds.   I stopped to call my wife and tell her to come out and look but as soon as i dialed and looked back up it was gone.  I waited outside for 15mins never to see it again.  VERY STRANGE. Next about 30 mins or so later spoke to my neighbor whom said he and his wife and 4 kids saw the same thing.\u2026"
"rotating triangle shaped white lights. We saw 3 separate craft of white lights in triangular shapes that were rotating slowly. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Out side wal mart several people were watching a slow moving fire moving from east to west.  They said it has been going for 2 minutes.  It was nearly over wal mart when the fire went out, but the object could still be seen as a darker shape in the sky. This was aprox 1,000 feet up, the flame was flat and wide, and had detail, it looked like the fire you might see from a rocket, traveling about the speed of a plane or helicopter. I would guess the thing would have been the size of a plane but a very flat plane. i would guess the fire was about 100 feet long and 50 feet wide. Deep orange and black with a dark yellow tail."
"Multiple sightings in the Havre area, 3 known witnesses Multiple sightings over roughly 30 minutes   At approximately 7:30pm on March 11th 2010 me and my girlfriend were walking up the stairs to my friends house and saw three very bright lights to the east. These lights were about 500 feet in the sky and only a few blocks down from where we were standing. The lights were next to each other and the one in the middle was the biggest.  About 5 seconds after I initially saw the lights two of them separated from the middle and disappeared, then the middle one dissappeared.  The lights appeared to be heading west. After telling my friend what we saw, we decided to take a drive out of town to the west to see if we could see anything. 7:48 pm- Heading west, a bit past the golf course we saw one big bright light then a smaller light separated from it. The lights were to the south. After we drove past a hill that blocked our view the light was gone. 7:53- After finding a place to pull over on the highway me, my friend, and my girlfriend all saw three bright lights in the sky about 500 feet high to the east. They showed up one by one and faded away one by one. They were only there for about 3 seconds. Two lights were somewhat next to eachother and one was off in the distance. 7:58 pm- Three bright lights show up one at a time to the east. They were visible for about 5 seconds and then faded away one by one.  After all of them had faded away they started to reappear and fade away again for around 10 to 15 seconds then disappeared for good.  After the bright lights were gone we noticed two smaller red lights flying in the same general area.  None of the lights made any sound. We have some video footage but the quality is pretty poor. You can at least tell that lights showed up and disappeared in the sky where no lights were originally at\u2026"
"2 UFO's in the sky. 1 of them, displayed beautiful colors of ruby red, royal blue lasted all night several hours. They were simply, there for several hours. The large one had beautiful colors of ruby red, royal blue, sunshine yellow. The other was still yet, moved in and out against the large one. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Mars? PD))"
"\"Bat-wing\" aircraft swiftly crosses night sky on south-to-north trajectory Guest leaving just before 10:00 pm reported seeing \"bat-wing aircraft\" fly across on south-to-north trajectory to west of house. Passed before I could get outside to see it myself. Described as high up but impressively large and very fast. One red light each wing and white light at front. Possible \"stealth\" aircraft. Observer said it made a noise, but not very loud. Location in north Arlington near Seven Corners."
"Tear drop, silent, hover, silver reflective surface. Laying in hammock watching clear sky and object appeared suddenly.  It was silver, silent, tear drooped in shape and hovered over us for about two minutes, before we finally decided to get out of the hammock to investigate.   We are 100% certain it was not a plane because a plane actually flew under it while we watched hover.  Ha!  That provided size perspective relative to the Boeing 737.  It seemed to be about a quarter of the size of the plane.  We could also hear the planes engines but this craft was silent.  Its movements we odd.  It seemed to be able to move side to side a little.  It even seemed to shoot up at one point.  Then it finally took off at a high rate of speed.  It was so strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Strange shaped objects above New Mexico sky. My girlfriend and I of almost 5 years decided to take a trip from Bothell, Washington, to Oklahoma city to see her niece graduate high school.  We started our return trip home the day after her ceramony.  We drove all day taking pictures along the way.  We heard about a fire in the kingman arizona area from a couple at a rest stop in new mexico.  After that we were watching the sky because it was actually glowing some from sun setting behind the smokey clouds.  I hapened to look to north sky... and I seen strange objectes in the sky. It seemed to me there were strange smoke swirls that I have never seen before.  I then held up my samsung s3 cell phone and took photos as we were driving.  The objects seemed to be 2-5 miles away and strange cloud cover as well."
"Reddish-orange flying bon-fires moving over New Boston, MI, on 10/19/2013. Hello,  On the night of October 19th, 2013, at 10:30pm while driving west on Willow RD approaching the I-275 overpass bridge, I began noticing reddish-orange lights in the sky. These lights were moving towards me on the right side of the road in single file formation. They appeared to be following one another.  As I drove, I noticed there were approximately 3-5 lights and due to their color and direction of travel, I knew immediately I was seeing something extraordinary. There is an airport nearby, and I am used to seeing planes in the area, but in my area, the planes travel north to south and vice versa.  Plus, jet liners have those red, green, blue LED lights and huge white spotlights in the front. What I was seeing was nothing like that.  These lights appeared to be flying bon-fires.  I\u2019ve not seen anything like it before or since in the sky. I stopped my car just before the overpass in an open area, got out, and attempted to take video of the objects with my Blackberry cell phone.  I could tell by looking at my cell phone it wasn\u2019t picking up all that I was seeing, but it was all I had on me, so I continued videoing anyway.  I didn\u2019t want to miss anything, so I was watching the objects as I videoed; consequently, the video is pretty shaky at times. Anyway, as I stood there, I noticed the objects, while traveling in a straight line, were actually traveling in a long slope upwards, higher and higher in the sky.  One by one, the lights would climb until it was no longer visible. I would then pan to the next one and video it until it disappeared too. As I said, they appeared to be reddish-orange, sort of like a bon-fire. Imagine not a raging bon-fire, but a smoldering fire that has nearly gone out with a flame more orange than red is what I can best describe it.  The object itself I could not see at all but rather the outline of the object due to the fire surrounding what I assumed to be the bottom of the craft/object. I am sure they were not sparklers, flares, or lanterns because of their speed and consistency of travel, which was in a perfect line, gradually upwards in what I would approximate as a 30 degree angle. These objects made no sound that I could hear.  It was a quiet night and not particulary windy. I felt no breeze. I could also see clouds in the sky because the moon was so bright. They were not disappearing into clouds.  I am sure of that.  They were moving so far upwards into the sky that they were no longer visible.  I am not sure how far that would be, but in a matter of minutes, they were approximately the height of where I would see jet liners approach for landing, and then 2-3 minutes later were out of the atmosphere where I could no longer see them. I have video a 1:50 video of the objects.  The video is 110mb but is a bit shaky.  Other than the lights themselves, not much else can be ascertained, but I can send it anyway if you like."
" ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of International Space Station.  PD)) White light lower than aircraft slowly moving across sky I left messages with 2 different TV meterologists who have not returned my calls. About an hour ago right before it got totally dark, I saw a light go to the southwest from where I am in East Texas. It looked like a spot light from a helicopter or something. But it was too high to be a helicopter. The speed was steady and not too fast. It just caught my eye and I followed it for about a minute before it went over the tree line. I could see planes very high in the air and of course stars. But this was a bright white light. No red lights. No flashing. I was outside by myself and then my girlfriend came out and I was telling her about it. Then within about 10 minutes, we both saw in the same general area, a bright white light. It did not move. And then it faded. I was pretty big. It did not streak. It did not blink. It just went out or if anything, it's like it went up. I was much lower than the airpalnes flying at night, which I could see them. I don't know if I believe in UFOs. I always sort of believed in them. But this was not an airplane, helicopter, or anything man made. It was not a meteor. It was kind of like the international space station flying over, but this was pretty low. Any ideas? Did I just see a freaking UFO? ((CORRESPONDENCE WITH WITNESS)) Thanks for the note, ((name deleted)), and thank you for the report!  I believe you witnessed the International Space Station, which passed over Texas at from 17:54 to 17:57 hrs. on November 09.  It was approximately 400 statute miles from you, at the time you witnessed it.  Here is the table of times for the ISS over Texas:  Date Mag  Starts Max. Altitude  Ends  Time Alt.  Az.  Time Alt.  Az.  Time Alt.  Az.   09 Nov 0.8 17:54:32 10 WNW 17:57:10 36 SW  17:59:45 10 SSE  16 Nov 1.9 06:00:54 10 S  06:03:14 22 SE  06:05:34 10 ENE  17 Nov -0.9 06:20:59 10 SW  06:23:52 78 NW  06:26:43 10 NE   18 Nov 1.9 05:08:08 13 S  05:09:45 19 SE  05:11:56 10 E   Here is a link to an illustration, which shows its groundtrack:  http://www.heavens-above.com/gtrack.asp?date=39030.9980291036&lat=31.650&lng=-95.073&alt=121&loc=Alto&TZ=CST&satid=25544 Thank you, again, for sharing the information!  Cordially,  Peter Davenport, Director National UFO Reporting Center Washington State ((END CORRESPONDENCE))"
"The ufo that i saw had left a light trail when it dissapeared. I am 13 years old. I have been searching the skys for ufos since i was 7, and I would never fake a ufo sighting.   One day i was on my way to work with my mom, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw something flash.  I looked over and saw a kind of egg shaped ufo.   I was unable to see the exact shape, but for an instant I saw it hover over some trees, then all of the suddeb it dissapears and I see a slight \"light trail\" that it left behind and it soon dissapeared as well.   About 2 minutes later I saw it again, floating over a hill, above some trees.  It also dissapeared and left the same light trail.  Also last tuesday my freind brought over his walkie talkie and when it was sitting on the ground it made a screeching sound and i herd some gurgling. Then it suddenly made the screeching sound again and turned off"
"strange noiseless light low in the sky moving south. My girlfriend and I both saw a bright, yellow orb heading south in dutchess county.  The light was at a low altitude, made no noise and never flickered.  It flew in a straight path until it was out of our view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"UFO sighting in Georgia, at a lake, 3 of us saw it, early in the morning, 1 big object and other star like objects moving in the sky It was around 4:00 a.m. on Saturday morning September, 22 I think. I looked at my cell phone and I think that was the date I saw. There was a main, large UFO that was  just above the tree line across the lake we were on. Three of us were on the dock of my friend's parents lake house. We were drinking alchohol but we were winding down and quietly chattering under the cover of my friend's dock. I noticed an object out of the corner of my eye reflecting across the lake almost like how the moon does. This was not the moon. It was seemingly hovering, almost bouncing very quickly, so quickly it was kind of blurry. But while it was bouncing the object was moving from left to right and up and down but staying around the same spot. It was a round bright blue ball of light. It did not make a sound. Later on it changed colors,we all agreed on that. It turned a lighter bright and not so blueish but more white, but at the top it looked kind of green.I could see the stars in the background and that was how we determined it was moving. There was no air traffic that we could see. No airplanes. The whole lake, as far as we could tell, was out. It was dark everywhere and there was not a light on anywhere. It was cold. We sat and watched it for a long time. After a while we began to see other objects in the sky moving around and then stopping. They looked like stars. As the main object started to slowly shift little by little higher up in the sky these small star looking things moved with it. It would move then stop then on of them would move then stop then the one below it would move then stop. We also saw these object moving sideways across the sky it got brighter to bright then it dimmed to out of sight completely. My friend says he saw something I must of missed. He says he saw something that looked like a star, I think, drop out of the ball of light and move across the sky. The other person who was with us was a friend of my friend and she saw everything we did. She pointed out the smaller objects mov! ing in p attern ever so slightly with the big ball of light. The UFO moved around but stayed above the treeline until after about an hour then started to shift upward with the smaller objects. It seemed like what ever this was, was trying to make anyone who might be watching them think they were stars, I guess, moving with the rotation of the earth. But I saw the stars in the background while this thing moved around side to side, up and down, and bouncing so fast it was blurry. There are only so many things you typically see in the sky at night which is the moon, the stars, shooting stars, which we saw earlier, airplanes(military or not), and helicopters. This didn't make a sound, but it was clearly moving as far as we could tell. One of my friends are licensed to work on planes and they viamently agree with me about what we saw. Even more so. It was absolutely unidentifiable and in the sky. We watched it along with the 2 smaller star like objects go up into the sky slowly and then slow down to a stop. Completely still. We also started seeing airplanes blinking red and white in the sky. We started seeing the planes between 5 and 5:30 a.m. We went inside the house to sleep around 6:15. By this time we very cold,tired,hungry and got sick of watching it. In retrospect I guess we should of tried to keep watching but we were bored with it. All the factors I mentioned attributed to us going in. In all this time we didn't leave the dock to go wake anybody in the house up until we went in to sleep and we didn't attempt to photograph at all. We just watched. I stopped drinking when I first saw it, I can't remember if they did or not. I haven't seen a point in reporting until now. I feel kind of obligated to report it. My sighting has made me a believer. I didn't and don't think anyone would believe us because we were drinking. But it was a sobering sight. I can't speak for my friends. But we all do agree that we saw something very unusual and it wasn't an airplane or a helicopter or like anything any of us has ever seen.I have not told them I've made this report but I'm going to tell my friend next time I talk to him."
"Slowly moving Orange lights, no sound, 2x2 straight line formation. While on my couch, I saw 2 orangish/red lights travel really slowly, from S/SW to N/NE.  Figuring they were aircraft in a formation, I didn't think anything unusual.  Just as these two passed out of the frame of my window, another 2 lights followed, spaced out the same.   Being a military aircraft enthusiast, I went on to my deck to see if I could see or hear what they were.  There was absolutely no sound.  Just the solid lights moving slowly off towards the distance.  They were too low to be commercial aircraft, and I have seen military helicopters and private planes fly at this altitude, but there was no sound or flashing beacon light.   As they got farther away, they just \"melted\" into the starlit sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"One craft hovered over the ocean at Tybee Island.  It was moving north along the coast at a fairly slow speed.  It was moving behind some low clouds, it was barely any darker than the clouds.  It blended in with the cloud basically.   We watched it from a dock on Tybee, there were several people out fishing off the dock but we were the only ones who saw it.  The front of the craft was a triangle shape that formed into more of a rectangle, like a house shape turned on its side.  It came and went very fast, but left us all mesmerized and clueless. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Fireballs over our house. The evening of October 25, 2014, I was sitting in the living room, when I noticed a very bright orange light off to the North from our bay window.  I decided to investigate and discovered that the objects looked similar to fireballs. The objects were quite large, silent, and pulsating.  They were flying about ten minutes apart and they were following the exact same path.  The color of the objects would change from a vivid orange to a yellowish color.  The wind was calm and the skies were clear.  The objects looked to be flying about ten thousand feet or less, at my best estimate.   These objects did not have any FAA lighting and were silent and had absolutely zero similarities with any known man-made craft or Chinese lanterns.   I was able to capture them on video with an IPad."
"3 bright orange, low flying objects at high speed. 3 bright orange round objects moving at high rate of speed.  Low flying and silent.  They moved together across the sky from the west.  Then they started going up higher and higher until they were no longer visible.  We tried to record them, but the video quality on our phones was poor and they just look like blurry lights."
"A very bright yellowish white light the size of a softball, no sound and no other lights flew directly over head. UFO  06/03/ 14 June 3/ 2014 approx 23:45 hours ADST, myself my wife and her two cousins saw an extremely bright yellowish white light in the sky moving at a speed which would be  by my estimation 1/3 as fast as the ISS.  I saw it first at about 22:30.   I just happened to look up `and I saw almost directly over us headed then in a northerly direction a solid yellowish white light just kind of moving through the night sky.  It was the  brightest thing by far in the clear starlit sky which was complimented by a crescent moon to the west.    The funny thing was that as soon as I spoke to point the object out to the three women who were standing outside with me, the bright light blinked out and the object now was indistinguishable from the surrounding stars except for the fact that it was moving at the same speed and heading North.   One of the women said \u201ca satellite?\u201d  I said \u201cI guess so, but it was really, really bright just a second ago...I mean really bright.\u201d   We turned back to the conversation about trees and bears and such things.  After about 10 minutes went by I looked up again there was another one or the same one?  Really, there is no way to tell.  But this time it kept its spot light intensity and seemed to slow as it passed directly over head (it felt kind of creepy as if it somehow may have seen us watching us- somehow) but it kept on moving due east at a speed which I described earlier as that which would equal approx 1/3 less than the international space station (ISS).  The four of us watched it as it silently flew?, floated?, drifted ? across the sky until it was lost in the eastern horizon.  No navigation lights no sound, just a yellowish white light about the size of a soft ball when held at arms length.   We have no idea what it was, what it was doing or where it was from. Upon returning home I went to the computer and looked up the time when the ISS would be flying over the area.  I found that it was scheduled to fly over Caribou Maine at approx 00:30 which is about 15 miles away as the crow flies so there is no way that it was the ISS that we saw at 22:45."
"Craft spotted over Lake Ontario It was close to midnight and it was frigid outside, clear and windy.  I live on the shore of Lake Ontario and waves were forming ice walls along the shoreline.   I went outside to have a smoke and had been outside facing south away from the lake looking towards the road, I turned to face the lake (north and windward) And my jaw dropped as I saw a very large craft with lights on the the side facing me, can\u2019t really say how many because the lights would go on or off and change color.  Colors were red,  green, yellow, blue or white and the off and on or off color changing showed no discernible pattern as far as I could tell.  There were always 4 to six lit at a time.   I stood spellbound as I watched the craft slowly fly west, or hover west and then stop and move backwards approximately 1/2 mile or so, craft appeared to be about a mile offshore with an altitude of 1000 to 1500 feet.  It stopped and started moving west and then I thought of my phone and capturing a video thinking this is why there aren\u2019t a lot of videos or photos of these sightings.   I grabbed my phone and headed back out while opening the camera app and ran outside looked up and it was still there as I brought the phone up and hitting record but before I could get the record started the craft rapidly moved west then flashed and shrunk to just a dot of light in the sky which I was recording but all the video showed was darkness when replayed.  I had only been inside I\u2019d say 8 to 10 seconds max.... again the thought came to me about why there aren\u2019t more videos/photos of these events, guess I know now.  To finish I\u2019ll add there was a lack of sound and again the craft was very large, I\u2019d say about the size of 3 aircraft carriers end to end and there were no other craft flying with it."
"I was stood in my back garden then i looked up at the sky  there where 3 orange balls in the distance gliding steadily they came from the direction of a near supermarket they where clearly not planes or choppers no indicator lights beneath them they was there for about 30 secs then flew south strangly enought after the flew off 2 or so minutes later sheet lightning started coincidence i dont know."
"Two saucer-shaped objects at low-mid altitude, silver in color, moving eastward in broad daylight over the middle of town. It was a perfectly clear summer day.  I don't remember the exact date, month or year, but I would estimate the summer of 1987.  I was in my back yard around mid-day and I looked up in the sky and saw two silver disk-shaped UFOs flying eastward toward Lake Michigan at a rapid speed. We lived in the middle of the city near the corner of South 35th Street and Custer Street.  The objects were flying at about the altitude a single-engine prop plane might fly.  The UFOs were flying at slightly different altitudes but perfectly parallel to each other and at the same speed. The objects were circular in shape, but not as flat as a saucer.  The bottom of the objects were smooth and metallic, but had seams/crevices originating in the center and extending to the edge of the object, almost like the edge of a scallop shell or sea shell.  The objects made no sound. The objects were flying directly overhead in an easterly direction.  I ran into the house to notify my mom, who came outside in time to see the objects herself but not in time to capture a photograph as their speed was too high and they had disappeared on the horizon within about 20 seconds' time. In hindsight, my first thought was that the objects were two round parachutes or balloons, but there were a few problems that would make that impossible.  The objects were flying low enough to tell there was nothing suspended from the bottom-- no person and no scientific instruments.  The objects could not have been parachutes because the bottom of the objects were not concave.  Most importantly, it was clearly visible that the objects were not made of fabric, but of a harder material; and there were no ripples or indentations caused by the wind.  Lastly and most importantly, the objects were moving too fast to be an un-propelled object such as a balloon, parachute, or a fan-propelled parachute.  The object was moving at at least the speed of a small single-engine prop plane-- faster than the wind could naturally move the objects, especially on a clear day. What is most interesting about this sighting is that it was in the middle of the day, over a metropolitan area of about 35,000 people. This is the first time I have ever posted this story online, but I have told many friends and relatives about the sighting.  I have done a lot of research to try to find photos of the objects online, similar stories both in Manitowoc and elsewhere, but I have found nothing.   The only similar story is a sighting that took place in 1987 in Sheboygan in the northern sky, also in mid-day.  That sighting is similar in geographic location, time of day, and the color and shape of the object (silver and round).  It differs in that the sighting only mentions one object (not two), and they witnessed oscillation, which I did not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date may be approximate.  PD))"
"3 new ufos taken in the chicago area view images at ((address deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information, except for e-address.  Possible hoax.  PD))"
"I got home at 8:05p.m.  After I proceeded to go inside the house, I noticed 3 Flying objects in the sky.  It was quite a distance between the 3 flying objects.  There wasn\u2019t much sound emitting from them.  I tried to take pictures from my phone, but it wasn\u2019t that clear at night.  It last for about 8 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch at 5:26 hrs. PD))"
"I seen a green light fall in like a shooting star in early evening while letting my pups out. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Pulsing bright white lights, circle object in the night sky, moved in circles, up and down-left to right,went straight down disappeared Last night (8/7/11) my husband and son went to take the trash out at 10:30pm and he came back in and said you have to see this.  I went to my front door and there was an object relatively low in the sky moving in circles and from left to right and up and down.   What was most noticeable was that it was flashing a bright white light (like LED bright) but more of a pulse.  You could see there was two lights (like headlights) and when it would face away you couldn't see the object.   Then it would face us and get super bright. We watched it for a good five minutes.   Then I tried to capture it on my cell phone video camera.  You can see it move on my phone but its just a tiny dot.   About a minute after I started filming it moved in a straight line down towards the mountain and we couldn't see it after that.   My husband said it initially started out by our house and moved northwest to the location where I saw it.   All I know is that it wasn't a plane or helicopter or anything I've seen before.  The way it moved was unlike any aircraft I know of. I still cant stop thinking about it.  It was so crazy."
"Smooth big bulb of light I was out looking at the stars like I do from time to time, then from the corner of my left eye I saw a nice big bulb of light. It was low enough that I would have heard a sound if it was a plane of any kind or a helicopter of any kind. Low enough that I could tell if it had the red and green blinking light or any other color blinking lights like our aircrafts have. Not low enough for me to tell what kind of craft it was. It flowed smooth like, looking like it was coming down for landing then it went back up following the curve of the earth with the same speed, nice and smooth...then it just kept going up until the big bright bulb was a little red dot, then gone. It was low enough all so that I could make out if it was a satilite, I've never heard of a satilite orbiting low like what this bulb of light did. No sound, smooth the way the flight pattern was...couldn't go running in to get my camera to take a picture, could have been gone by the time I came back out is what I was thinking. So I just enjoyed what I was seeing, beeing around aircrafts...I knew that what I was looking at...or not what I was looking at."
"UFO appears to be a metal looking creature with many antennas and a hole that has an opening appearing to be either the nose or mouth. Approx a week ago, after midnight, my husband was woken up by a tapping sound on his bedroom window but did not pay any attention and continued to sleep.  He woke up the next morning and did not forget that ackward tapping on the window.  At night he'd see through his peripheral vision things that flashed by but would not relate to as being important.  At 3:00AM the tapping and the scratching on the window awoke him, he had his smartphone under the pillow and slowly focused and snap the picture of what appeared to be a \"metal looking alien\" with 6-8 metal antennas.  As he snapped the picture before he ran out of the bedroom he noticed that it was backing away. My husband never returned to that bedroom instead he went to the bathroom and observe the picture that he had taken.  He became very nervous and did not go back to sleep.   We have a very clear picture and I've called and spoken to Mr. Davenport Director of UFO Center and will send the email with the linked picture taken ~ 2 feet away from the window.  He is extremely concerned for his safety.  I'm requesting a returned email @ ((e-address deleted)) at someone's earliest convenience.  Thanking you in advance for your attention to this matter. ((NUFORC Note:  The object looks to us to be a metallic shield of some type.  We doubt that it is a part of a UFO.  PD"
"Multi-colored aircraft sighted in Colonia, NJ. At first my brother and I thought it was a plane, until we noticed the light sequencing and the behavior/maneuvering.   It was flashing three different colors in sequence order.  Moving slowly, it changed altitude pretty quickly, and moved from east to west to north in no set directional order.   The flight pattern was inconsistent with a plane, helicopter, drone, or anything we are familiar with.   My brother thought it was someone messing around with a toy, until it turned off its lights after a couple of minutes and flew north out of sight.   Within 30 seconds of it flying away, a plane flew right past its previous location - we speculated that it turned off its lights after seeing the plane coming in its direction. Cannot guarantee this was an actual sighting, but it was absolutely NOT a plane or a typical aircraft.  Very interesting and unusual situation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"It was neon bright and moved faster than anything I have ever seen! I was sitting out in my side yard (which is on the west side of house).   I lit up my cigarette and just happen to look up to the west and this neon green/blue light fell from the sky, stopped half way and went directly north in a matter of seconds.   It was fast really fast.  I could hear that the power lines were buzzing loud!   Prior to the light incident my husband also said he could hear a rumble sound.  He thought possible thunder.  My daughter says that once the green/blue light went poof she noticed off to the north that the sky lite up really bright for a second or so..."
"4 circle shaped objects, very huge and bright lights over HWY 121. To whom it may concern: 1/29/09    Dear Sir/Madam;  This morning Tuesday 1/29/09, I left my house at about 6:00 to go to work.  It was very foggy day but not so bad on HWY 121.   I was heading south toward Southlake and as I got to Spring Creek Pkwy, I notice a circle shaped object with lots of lights on top of HWY 121. (about 6:30 am )  I thought that I was seeing things but right after that another one following each other was traveling very slowly like they were observing.   Not too many cars on the road but very few cars that were traveling in my direction were braking to watch.  It was impossible to stop so I then stopped in the nearest station and called the non-emergency police 972 941-2142.  They advised me to call FAA ( 206 722-3000 ), which I did and got a voice mail of Mr. Davenport is full.  I called the police back and they told me that was the only number they had and for me to report and also fill out form on line at www.ufocenter.com  I saw total of 4 circle shape objects traveling slowly above HWY 121 with very bright lights perhaps 14-16 big round lights. Thanks much."
"Long narrow cigar type object without wings or lights in sky at nights As a mobile patrol officer working in Nisku, AB. Always watching the sky as I am interested in UFO's. Stepped out of my truck around 1am.  Before stepping back in i looked up there i heard a humming sound. I noticed a very long but wide object dark grey/black without wings and any lights present fly over quite low straight over my head.  At first it looked like a missile there i did not see wings and it was quite long narrow shaped. In my mind i told myself it must be a plane till i saw it make a long round curve to my left. It left my eyeside right after.  Am in law enforcement for 20-year and know fighter jets and other planes. This was not a normal plane.  It had no wings or lights. I turned on radio and called friends there I assumed it was a missile of any sort. Am not sure what I saw.  The up to 90 degree curve, no lights and no wings confuse me still."
"Two circular lights shoot across the might sky. Was outside in backyard smoking cigarette and there was a huge party going on as I could hear it.  All of a sudden I happened to look up and I saw two circles of light (size hard to tell) thought it was a laser or a searchlight coming from the party.  But as it moved away I could see there was no tail indicating it was not be projected upwards, then it just disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Black line over moon moves, then vanishes. I was leaving work at about 9:35 on January 22, 2011 and was passing Wal-Mart South in Rochester, when I happened to look up at the moon, and noticed that the moon looked cut in half.  I closed my eyes a few time to make sure my sight wasn\u2019t going bad, but it was still there.  A solid, thick black line right over the middle of the almost full moon, with a light on it.   I drove a little ways, and when passing a field, I looked again, and the line had lowered to the bottom 2/3 of the moon.  I drove a little more, and when I looked again, the line had vanished.  There were no power lines in the area, nor overhead lines of any sort."
"Orange/redish circle object NE mpls flying below strom cloud near down town mpls. me and my 3 other friends sitting on deck  in Ne east Mpls by Castoffs-Oktoberfest while on the 2 floor deck to out s object was in a glowing orange-ish litt redin it glowing & moving weird  below the storm clouds going toward n mpls closer to down town mpls   No way any one could admit here that it was any but an object of size that was not normal behavior of human or know flying object that we have today."
"odd light that moved quickly to two destinations, reappeared to first destination, faded away, came back as coloured light and blinked as i was driving home from midlothian/chesterfield, i was almost to powhatan when i saw this thing i thought was a plane in the sky. but instead of normal plane lights, it would do one flash of light then three really fast after the one flash. as i looked up again, it was gone and had moved across the sky where it did the series of flashes again and then moved back quickly to it's first spot that i saw it in. after a few more series of those flashes, it faded out and then appeared again and did this orangey-red glow where it started to blink.  after almost running off the road staring at it and i looked up again and it was gone.  i hadn't witnessed anything like it before."
"Red ember-like object on barn roof. 9/1/2007  Last night I was driving up my driveway toward my barn which just got a new metal roof installed. As I was driving up about 5 mph, I saw a red ember like item with a trailing red tale rise up from my roof and then extinguish about 10\u2019 above the barn. I thought this is impossible: a fire?  I checked around and couldn\u2019t find anything wrong. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor.  PD))"
"Strange glowing light and noise from two crafts in Washington state Early in the morning of the Ninth of September, I was with my friend driving on Pacific Highway somewhere between Spanaway and Mt. Rainer. I had to work late that night and my friend had come to pick me up and we decided to go on a late night cruise. We had done the same thing on a number of nights before. I think that it is necessary that before I continue any farther that I explain one thing. This area is populated by two military bases. Ft. Lewis and McChord Air force base, or what is now know as Joint Base Lewis McChord. Obviously military flight and aircraft is very common in the area. I don\u2019t know how many reports this organization receives a year from this area, but I imagine that it is a lot. I also want to make it clear that for reasons I am not going to specify, I can\u2019t say why I, along with my man friend, was out driving through the country on this late summer night. I myself am a member of the uniformed service. We were parked on a side road with very few houses around. We had frequented the area a number of times before. Nothing out of the unusual had ever been acknowledged. While we did experience low flying aircraft, I was always able to identify the type of craft. I think that is why we didn\u2019t notice what happened next until it was almost right in our face. The noise might have been apparent for a minute or two before we noticed it, but I don\u2019t think so. It was not the usual sound of airplane engines or turbulence from low flying helicopters. It was unlike anything I have ever heard as far as aircraft is concerned. It wasn\u2019t exactly so peculiar that it would send up a flag of suspicion right away. Maybe, in the background of the low playing radio and conversation it wouldn\u2019t have been noticed. My mind certainly wasn\u2019t preoccupied with extraterrestrial objects at that particular moment. The sound was definitely the first thing that stopped us in our tracks. It was like a low, vibrating humming sound that you could almost feel, just as much as hear. We both noticed it at the same instant, and as we looked at each other with curiosity and alarm, the first craft came into vision. I don\u2019t want to say that it was a light because, it wasn\u2019t exactly a light. It was more of a glow. A deep fluorescent, greenish glow. I say greenish because; it was almost like a color that I had never really seen before. The light didn\u2019t appear to come from a front, side or back engine source. It radiated from the entire circular craft. In an even distribution, it just glowed. It couldn\u2019t have been more than 1000-1200 feet above us. It was moving at a constant slow speed, probably less than 100 miles an hour. I remember that the light didn\u2019t illuminate the area around us. That was part of what was so goddamn strange about it. This might not make sense but, the light was an intense, ! localized glow. It did provide some illumination on the ground but, not as much as I would have expected. As it continued to move in front of our position we then noticed a second craft approximately two hundred meters behind the first. The glow from the crafts didn\u2019t provide enough light to get a detailed view of any other features that the craft may have had. There was no overlapping shine. They simply looked circular, but not quite a circle. What happened next was what caused us to get the hell out of the area as quickly as possible. With no warning, and no sound of an engine of power source gearing up, both crafts quickly intensified illumination and then elevated their speed to a level that I can\u2019t even begin to estimate. As quickly as they came, they disappeared. The next few minutes were mostly a blur. I remember getting back on the main highway and gassing it as fast as I could back into Spanaway. Most of our dialogue was attributed to a few words of astonishment and vulgarity. It was several minutes before we started rationally talking about what had happened. Needless to say that sleep didn\u2019t come that night. As we calmed our nerves and discussed what had happened, my partner came to the realization that we should keep the events to ourselves. I thought that was crazy, especially because I know others must have seen the same thing. I write this report now more than a month since the event occurred. I have started the report several times and decided not to send it. I scanned your report data base and didn\u2019t see anything else in regards to this event. I write it now with the hopes that someone else has reported it and it just has not been posted. If this is the case, then you will know that this is not a hoax. If you choose to contact me for further details, I ask that you respect my motives for trying to keep this somewhat confidential as far as names are concerned. Thanks for taking the time to read my encounter, and if there is anything else you could tell me, it would be greatly appreciated."
"Large flying object in the dark sky 3 mi east of Napa, CA.  Appeared to be dark, and had 4-6 red flashing lights; no other lights observed.   Made the sound close to that of a jet turbine but quieter.   Estimated cloud ceiling at no more than 10k'.   At initial sighting facing south, lights were on a south to north track, then turning gently and heading due east just south of Mt. George in the direction of Travis AFB. Observer is a professional mariner with 25 years experience, well versed in observing relative motion of 1200'+ ships. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD))"
"chemtrails = UFO dec 7th I was video tapping chemtrails this day they were every where... the first few seconds video tapping I was looking towards the moon that was east and a jet had just made a line as i looked at the moon I sen an oval shape color was red but I think it was red cause it was reflecting from the west the sun set... the distance would be about as far up as you would see these jets that do the chemtrails.. when i seen it I screamed for anyone around me to just look at the moon what do you see? they all said the same thing and its the same thing I seen... since OCT I have seen many kinds of ufo here in this area... I see more during the day then I do at night.. they are NOT shy.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"orange sphere seen for about 4 minutes this was an orange orb coming from the west, going slowly...it just appeared i was in awe of it then it just disappeared, i did report to local mufon investigator said same report from the dallas, tx are & some place in oklahoma, i don't remember the town as it was not tulsa or ok city"
"It looked like a meteor or fireball falling at first sight. Bright light dropped out of sky, stopped, went east, stopped, back north, stopped, west, stopped, back east, stopped, north, south again.   Then a flashing light was above it, as it dropped down again, west, stopped and out of my eyesight.  I couldn't believe my eyes"
"Rainbow of colors disrupts the Utah night sky. A friend & I were on our way home driving on I-215 in Midvale, UT.  Our conversation was disrupted & for 3-4 seconds the sky over the Eastern Mountains of Utah, near Salt Lake City, went from being typical black/dark, to green, red, blue, pink,...honestly every color imaginable, then back to dark, as if nothing happened.   No actual craft was witnessed, but the display of colors in the night sky was clearly not natural."
"Seen object above southwest side of st helens or.  Guessing was under 1000 ft.. Strange movement, jogs and jags.  Stayed close to the same area in the sky for a long period of time.  No noise and was above my home.  Guessing a drone of a sort.  Why it hung out in the same area for such a long time?  Would turn and light would dim and then turn and have a bright whitish blue light.  Shot some video."
"MADAR Event #14"
"A tube shaped UFO with one wing  grey in color no windows flew east to west reappeared and went south to north ans disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"It was a clear day with no clouds.  Around 5pm I noticed from my yard five bright circular lights.  They were in a formation like an arrow.  Three made a triangle and two directly following the triangle.  They moved back and forth slightly.   They remained in the same place  without moving forward for a few minutes.  No sounds were noted.   The formation broke off and they disappeared behind the trees.  I took some pictures.  I was only able to capture three of the lights.  They were breaking formation by the time I got my camera and was able to focus on them.   They looked like stars or round balls of white light."
"Last night, on the night of December 13, 2017, at about 10:50pm, I saw an unidentified flying object.  I was sitting on my couch when I happen to glance out my window.  I see a triangular craft just above the trees closest to my apartment.  It had 3 red lights and a blue light in the middle.  It also made a loud noise, which I heard for a few minutes after I couldn\u2019t see it anymore.  It must have flew above my apartment, but it was so close, I thought it would hit our building. I was honestly pretty freaked and  didn\u2019t want to be a lone so I crawled into bed where my sleeping husband was.  I was too scared to go to sleep, so I check Facebook.  The first post I saw was a friend posting about a meteor shower in my area.  I think well maybe it was a meteor I saw. Then I get up to my bedroom window and look for meteors and I do see about 5 falling meteors.  That\u2019s when I see the second unidentified flying object, or maybe the same one.  This time I couldn\u2019t see a shape, I saw a red light and a blue light almost on top of each other, and I didn\u2019t hear a noise.  It looked smaller and was flying a distance a way.  It looked like It was flying through the middle of the tree line.  It stayed in a straight line for a few minutes then disappeared.  It was now about 11:00 pm, so the whole experience lasted around 10 minutes. The last thing I would like to mention, is when my husband and I woke up this morning, December 14, 2017, I mentioned to him what I saw.  He told me he remembers hearing a loud noise and figured it was a plane, and went back to sleep"
"bright blue, red and green lights moving in a circular motion in the sky. Moved in a zig zag  motion with the naked eye it looked like a  bright flickering star.  But using a binoculars you could see a bright blue, green and red lights moving in a circle motion.  It moved in a zig zag way.   This is the second time people saw it in our town."
"Large white object with trailing fire. We were driving south on the 101 at the top of the grade at spotted a large white object with fire trailing behind it.  Object appeared to make a right angle turn away from us.  The fire stopped.  We lost sight.  The object was descending at a shallow angle when it turned. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM A SECOND WITNESS, LOCATED NEAR VENTURA, CA)) We saw a fireball driving home from Utah last night that matched this very closely at the exact same time - 7PM.  We were on Hwy 126 about 10 miles east of Ventura when I saw a white fireball streak across the sky in front of the car slightly to our left.  That would have put it to the South of us toward Oxnard, likely out over the ocean.     It was traveling left to right, meaning it was heading pretty much due South.  It seemed to turn slightly green and left a long trail behind it.  It was low in the sky, I'd estimate 10 degrees, was obscured by some trees, then reappeared on the other side of them, then we lost sight of it.  I'd estimate we saw it for 5 seconds.   Since in the report below they were looking south I think this was the same object.  I however did not see it make any turn (although we lost sight of it at the end) and assumed it was a very large close meteor.     ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness who submitted addendum above is quite experienced with UFO reporting.  PD))"
"Dark unlit silent object moving NE across morning sky at low altitude Morning hour dusky sky.  Object approx. 800 feet high traveling NE silently.  No lights, wings, rotors or other recognizable aircraft properties; no markings discernable and no visible sheen or reflections.  Object traveled smoothly under what appeared to be a non-random manner.  Perhaps ~40 ft. in diameter or slightly larger.  Flat but not saucer-like - hard, angled edges alternating up and down, reminiscent of a metal ashtray design.  No contrail or emitted vapors detectable.  Driver ahead of me appeared to be recording object as she drove using a smartphone."
"two solid white objects close together in the sky...went from stationary to out of sight faster than I've ever seen.... I walked my dog out into the yard and I noticed two bright objects in the sky.  At first I asked myself if Venus may be out, but noticed these two objects were too close together to be the two brightest stars in the sky (and also too large and bright),so I kept my focus on them. All of a sudden I saw one of them dash straight up and out of view within a second.  The second object stayed there a moment and did the same thing about a second later.  Much, much too fast to be any type of jet, and much, much too bright."
"Shiny metal objects flew over my house, I have video. I was outside flying a quadcopter and looking up and spotted a group of shiny objects heading Northeast at a fairly fast rate.  They were \"dancing\" around each other including going backwards, I assume they were slightly above cloud height.  There was no sound, although I can't hear aircraft at that height either, they clearly were not aircraft or balloons.  I ran and grabbed my cell phone and recorded about a minute of it."
"2 Lights In Northern Kentucky Sky While driving tonight noticed this event.  In the western sky i saw 3 lights tonight. One was a plane high in the sky and 2 others were a brite lights white/yellow color lights. There was plane was moving west to east that had visible red/green nav lights i could see flashing, the other brightly lit objects did not.  What was so unusual about the other 2 odd lights is that one stayed low n left to the plane while the plane was moving west to east. One light dipped quickly to the horizon then moved staight, in a line, slowly across the horizon line to the from the westline to the north line appox 40 deg. From 270 deg W to 310 deg W. There were 2 planets in the western sky that i notice for refeance that were in the background while i was observing the event. Mars & Jupiter?  I stopped, pulled over to look out the window without being behind glass in the car, and i still saw the lights in the sky. I pulled in my drive, went in, and went back inside, nothing to see in western sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"small light low to ground in novinger mo about 6:3 november 13 , 2012 i observed a strange light over the middle of novinger . i saw it from six hiway and thought it was a light on top of a new cell tower in town. i turned north on 149and went untll it was strait to the left of me. i turned left at 4th street. it was in front of me then. i turned right on swanson then left on davis .it was still in front of me. i turned right on novinger ave then left on missouri ave. it was moving north and crossed my path left to right about snyder ave,  and when i looked up again it crossed my path again. I  thought there must be two but never saw two at the same time.  i stopped the car and shut it off.i heard no noise. it continued north til it was out of sight. the light had a starburst design below and a very faint rounded structure above. light changed from yellowish to red"
"Silver, cigar shaped object north of downtown Maryville, TN in or around 1991 Travelling home with my grandmother through the downtown area of Maryville, TN, I remember looking out of the window near sundown and seeing a silver, cigar shaped object moving through the clouds in a westerly direction.  It definitely had a solid form to it and reflected the sunlight slightly with the clouds around having a orangish sunset coloration while the object was silver but did reflect some tinge of the same orangish color.  It moved in and out of the clouds very slowly.  It is a very distinct memory in my mind.  I cannot remember exactly how long it was there but definitely seemed fairly large due to the distance away and was definitely not a blimp to my recollection.  I also cannot remember it leaving the area specifically and I do not believe my grandmother spotted it as I cannot remember talking with her specifically about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I leaned out my window to smoke a cigarette, as I don't smoke inside my home, and it was too cold to go directly outside.  I do this a few times a night so I always look at the stars.  My attention was drawn to the brightest star I've ever seen.  Then I noticed it didn't appear to be a star at all.  Instead it looked something like my imagination would envision a rocket to look like; except it was stationary.  It was many times brighter and lower than any other star in the sky.  It didn't twinkle.  It seemed as if the main body had almost a diamond shape and an equally as bright white trail.   Then to my amazement as I scanned the sky I saw two more of the exact same description.  The brightest was to the north of my location.  The one in the sky directly before me (I was facing east so it would have been out over the Atlantic shore) seemed highest in the sky.   The third was in between the  altitude of the other two and was in the southern sky.  They were equidistant from one another.   I know they weren't stars because there were stars in the sky and none looked anything like these.   I watched as long as the cold would allow me, about twenty minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"8/14 clay county florida, moving light (star) We were lying on a blanket watching the stars.  I noted one star that was particularly bright.  As I watched it; the \"star\" moved it travelled diagnally in a northwest direction (stopped for about 10 seconds then moved back.  It then moved again in a lateral move toward the west. (stopped) moved back.  The movements were obvious, deliberate and seemed to have moved in several directions as discribed above at least ten times.  I am not a mathematician and cannot tell you how many degrees it moved.  I can only say, that if one were looking up at the stars above it would move what seemed to be a foot or two from its posistion.  We watched until my teenage grandaughter becames so afraid She ran into the cabin.  I went in to comfort her.  Do satellites move like this.  Just curious.  What I saw was not a star. Looking to the sky on that very clear night it just looked like a star brighter than the others. It seemed to be the same plane as the other stars.  Just thought I would report.  More for the reason that I would like to know if we can see satellites with the naked eye in the night sky and do they move like the above described.  Thank you.  please any correspondence to ((e-address deleted))"
"Ball of light, west of city, was wiggling, observed for 20 min. I was on break at work, was looking out to the west from my position on the north west part of the city. was a cloudy evening, no stars we visible at this time, and I seen a very bright ball of light which appeared to been wiggling in the sky.  The object never moved from its position as I observed it for about 20 min.  When I took my next break 1hr 30 min later the object was gone.  I watched the skies for the next week and never seen it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus?  Curiously, the source of the report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"giant oval craft with about 10 lights that flew very close to the ground First of all, I\u2019m a 13 year old boy, but I swear to God that I saw a UFO.  I wasn\u2019t planning to report this but this was really bugging me.  I\u2019m not 100% sure about the date, but it was in the August of 2010. I was trying to sleep but I couldn\u2019t, so I just stared at the stars out the window.  Right then I saw large, strange shaped aircraft flying not fast but not slow.  At first I thought it was a plane but it was flying to close to the ground, it was pretty huge and it was shaped like an oval.  It was flashing about 10 lights and it was kind of like one of those ships in star wars.  I immediately yelled at my mom who was watching T.V. next door and she saw it too.  I grabbed my self phone and ran out to take a picture of it, but it was too far ahead for my phone to take picture of it. I only saw the bottom of the craft. It was oval, and there was two lines crossing each other forming a cross.  There were about 10 lights were lined up on the cross, the lights were red and green I believe, I\u2019m not 100% sure about green but I definitely saw red.  If you want me to draw the picture I saw, please email me please. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"A swarm of lights moving and making different shapes. I was at home at the back porch when I noticed up in the sky some bright lights, I ran to the front of the house and there were all my neighbors looking and pointing at the lights. I called mi friend to tell her about it since she lives in Utica too, she came out and saw them too, she took her camera out and took a video of them. There were about 30 lights or more, all together forming a swarm of lights just moving around and making different shapes, they were brighter than the stars that were around them and some of them changed colors, from white to baby blue. Some of the lights kind of got bigger and smaller , they moved around other lights at high speed."
"We saw a UFO on Thursday February 3, 2012, in the Southeastern sky.  It was a circular shape, and had red, blue, yellow and white flashing (strobing) lights on the bottom.  The lights came from the center of the UFO and strobed to the outside of the craft in a star pattern.   It rotated slowly, and proceeded to (dance) do figure 8's in the sky while staying in the same area.  It moved diagonally, left, and right, but very fast.  Faster than a plane or helicopter could fly.   Then suddenly the light dimmed and disappeared.  Then to the Southwestern sky we saw a very large white light that seemed to be suspended in the air.  It remained until the first one disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  We have changed the time above to reflect an evening sighting.  PD))"
"I was driving to work last night when I saw a flash of light streak across the sky and then disappear.  I was heading southwest and the object was to my left heading in a downward direction.  I could not see the source of the light but it was a blue flash of light so bright it almost appeared white in color."
"Strange fast moving silent orbs seen over South Dakota skies. Last night I went outside a little after midnight to let my dogs outside and water my strawberry plants.  When I was done watering my plants I leaned back on the trunk of my car to light a cigarette facing north, when I thought I saw a shooting star in the sky and did a double take.  This was unlike anything I have ever seen and was not any civilian or military plane at least not any that is publicly known.  It appeared to be one craft however I could not make out an outline of the object.  One very dim orb was leading the other dim orb except what made this so strange to me was that the orb in the rear was visibly offset  from the other, meaning it was not directly behind the first, almost diagonally behind and to the side of the first dim light.  It moved from east to west, then almost lost sight of it behind a big tree, but I ran excitedly to the other side and caught a clear view as it proceeded west until it faded off on the horizon line.  This object was extremely fast and did not make a sound. I ran inside after I lost sight of it, and grabbed my camera and walked westward for half an hour but was unable to see anything else.  It was very exciting, I am still very excited,  I live by a small airport and often film the airplanes, and growing up I lived by Forbes Field Air National Guard Base, one of the largest airstrips in the United States, and I would often see F-117's and B-2 Stealth fighters and bombers, even flying low and in formation in the day and at night, and though stealth's look very creepy at night and fly in triangular formations, I can identify them for what they are, and this was no military plane that I have ever seen.  Thank you very much for taking my report."
"Glowing disk shaped object hovering in same position for hrs. at times dissapear  then soon reappearing in same place . While working as helmsman onboard Corps of Engineers Dredge Haines in Benton Harbor, Mich., sighted staionary lighted object.  Disk shaped with smaller dome on top the entire object glowing a white/yellow tint as if from internal source.  Positioned farther out to the west over Lake Michigan not showing up on radar I used ships binoculars..   Then, with closer look, I saw definite disk shaped glowing object stationary in same place for nearly 3 hrs.  Several times while ship went in and out of harbor to dump dredge loads it would dissapear then reappear in exactly same position. This continued from approximately 2am until 5am.  It looked to be above the water not in the water.  As wheelsman onboard this older ship, I could not watch object continuously while steering ship, but each time as headed west I saw again thru binoculars in same place.  When 3rd Officer left watch at 4am, he said if asked he did not see anything.   At 4am Chief Officer came on bridge watch (this man had been a Lieutenent in US Coast Guard also had BS degree in Geology.  When I showed this him lighted object he was very intrigued and started to watch closely himself.   At around 5am eastbound returning to dredge area inside harbor, I steered ship not able to see when he saw it shoot off horizontally immediately moving at extreme rate of speed dissapearing.   Later, while discussed more, he called local Coast Guard station to report this strange sighting.  Also said that when moving away it had some sort of bright red smaller light showing at very top of upper dome.   I had never forgotten the incident and have always wanted to report this.  I clearly saw it for over 2 hrs.  I have been going to sea since 1969 USCG first and only time to see this type of object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"dim lights moving in u shaped formation over Roswell I was letting the dog outside for the night, and was sitting on the ground looking up at the stars, when six 'lights' in a u-shaped formation moved overhead.  They were much dimmer than the stars, seemed to look 'faded' almost, and did not blink.  They moved overhead without any sound, heading toward the west and then arching to the south-west/south, like they were heading toward White Sands.  The formation did *not* block out any of the stars as it moved, and at the apex of the semi-circular 'turn', the objects seemed to 'twist' in on themselves, before regaining the formation.  They moved quickly and fluidly through the sky, it took less than ten seconds for them to disappear over the horizon to the south.  There was still no sound, even after it was gone, and I could hear one car go by on the street we live on.  There was nothing 'chasing' the object, either.  I quickly called the dog in and locked the doors (not that THAT would help?).  I'm not sure what it was, but I really wish I'd never seen it.  Maybe someone else saw it, so that I don't think I'm losing my eyesight or something.  If so, then you have my permission to post this report or use it as you want to.  You can not contact me, since I don't want to be associated with this sort of thing and we are moving out of the state in less than a week...and right now? I couldn't be happier about that fact, actually. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright orange blinking lights over the Atlantic ocean off of the coast of South Carolina. Bright orange triangular shaped-lights out over the Atlantic Ocean way out to sea.  They would blink, separate and seem to break into a pattern - sometimes we would see only 2 - another time we counted up to nine.  They would then disappear after about 4 to 5 seconds.  This happened 4 times over the span of about a half hour. Each time they seemed to get brighter.  Approximately 30 minutes later, we saw about 4-5 blinking white lights flying back and forth across the sky very eqi-distant and at a high speed.  They went back and forth across the sky at least twice.  Once these much smaller white, blinking lights appeared, the orange lights did not reappear.  The observers included a CPA, engineer, nurse, a few retired individuals and several children from 9 to 14 years old. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Flashes in clear night sky. Full clear sky, bright bluish flash took over entire sky around.  Point of origin seemed to change from east to south.  3 separate flashes of 10 minutes."
"glaring light in the sky, motionless and as high as zero gravity. I was having a cigar and noticed a light up in the sky in the scottsdale fountain hills sky and thought it was a helicopter til i realized how high and how still it was. it did not move. I am writing this almost 15 mintutes after i first saw it i just checked and it is still there. Could be a thing in the sky or a space borne object but if it is space it would be big if in our sky well this is my first sighting but i stare at the sky every night and this seems out of the ordinary. I need to mention it glares like a flashlight but far up in the sky farther than helicopters can go."
"Ball of light shot threw the sky.  Fast, brigh,t and glowing.  Was not a shooting star but similar. A ball shot threw the sky.  It was too low and bright for a shooting star, and there was no noise to be heard."
"3 red light triangle which broke into single lights then more red lights and a possible bigger craft. Saturday, 8/24/19, 9:40pm EDT over the West Side of Cleveland.  I was sitting outside doing a fire pit in my back yard with one of my neighbors.  I'm in the West Park area of Cleveland, but almost in Brook Park, not far from Hopkins Airport.  My neighbor was sitting facing the right direction, ENE, to see it first. I was facing N.  She said, \"Hey, look at THAT, behind the trees!\"  There was a triangular formation of 3 steady solid red lights.  I'd guess ENE at about 55 degrees on the compass, and maybe 25-30 degrees above the ground.  I think the triangle was pointing down, with the 2 lights on top, and 1 below.  Was so excited, I don't remember for sure, but definitely was a triangle.  She can't recall either. The formation finally came over the trees, but was much higher up, going WSW about 250 degrees and seemed high in the sky.  They were completely silent.  Took maybe a minute or less to transverse the sky, I don't know how high up they were. I would say the triangle was the width of 2 full moons.  The formation broke up into the lights being side by side  after being just overhead, but a little to the north, and got dimmer and somewhat translucent as it went toward the WSW.  2 more red lights came from the ENE, side by side, and went the same way, then 2 more dimmer ones the same way.  Then my neighbor then said, \"Look\", pointing slightly in the WSW direction, I couldn't see it. maybe my eyes couldn't adjust looking over the bright fire pit, but she said a round red light maybe 20X as big, she called it \"the mother ship\" but she said it was very dim and could hardly see it herself, with the other red lights surrounding it, all moving WSW and just faded as to the WSW she said.  I thought all the lights were faded and gone by the tine she seen the big dim one.  Looked to me on the ones I could see, they were going just maybe slightly north of Hopkins Airport and still high in the sky. The West Side and maybe downtown had to see it.  I tried video recording it on my phone, but my screen was pitch black, phone not good in the dark.  Later on I seen at one point I got 2 faint dots, what I assume were the top 2 lights, the bottom light must have been hidden by the trees.  That's all I got as nothing showing in my viewing screen to aim at as it was moving."
"2 sets of lights  one solid red one oval shape light. report this to nuforc last year i seen them again with my daughter while going to the store a little different tho we followed a red light going north up old glen hwy it stopped over road  we drove under it we both had our windows open it made no sound   i couldnt stop  we were both scared  we did stop a lil farther down rd  stuck our heads out the window and there was nothing in the sky i turned truck off to listen   ten fifteen minutes later a helicopter flew over low with its spot light on going north  i did here it coming up the road fron eagle river  i did run outside to see where it was heading idk what it is  but it was weird  the size of the white light i seen first was about the size my index finger nail tip about a half mile away  second time i seen that light in a week that light wasnt round streched out oval shaped please dont share my email or number  i tried tell my daughter it was a helicopter    she said but it didnt make any noise might of been airbase idk   but when we were following it i started to flash my lights  it did start to slow  thats when we started to get scared  after we were home  i felt a lil sick hot on inside idk  my fillings hurt like i bit down on foil   idk  i dont believe in aliens  but im seeing weird things flying around here  i look but i dont see anything    it started firtst when we were leaving our house for the store  she says hey dad look those to planes i turned and she says the other took off fast  the one i watched was flying straight then zigzag realy fast  she ask can planes fly that fast idk  u can contact me here  but like i said  dont share my email or number i look at my map on phone  theres weird color in mountains around eklutna glacier  yellow green  u follow trail to glacier u on map u might see it"
"Glowing sphere seen in the day time sky over Battle Creek, Michigan. Me & my children seen a bright star like object during the day hovering low in the sky. There wasn't any clouds in the sky, so it was very easy to see. I would've said it was a star other than it was during the day time. I ran back into my house and got my camera and took several photos of it. It seemed to move a litte bit while I was snapping pictures of it. After a few minutes of starring at it, the glowing sphere got closer to us. So then I took some more pictures of it. This was defenetley a foo fighter looking UFO. There was no sound and it stayed almost perfectley still. It remained in almost the same spot for hours even after the sun went down. Once it became night time, It was still there. Then I went in doors for a few minutes and came back out and it was gone."
"Strange Three Tone Sound, above home and lake, Tv and Security monitors dim and power outage Something STRANGE Happened Last Night @ 10.35 p.m. This event happened, while watching a movie, at home and reading e-mail. At 10:35 p.m. I first heard a Three Tone sound outside, the sound, became louder and louder, ----  My tv started dimming, my computer and security monitors started to get dimmer, then the lights and everything went out.   Then about 15 seconds later the sound outside stopped, and the power came back on. ----This cannot be from a transformer because the transformer is behind the home. The Sound was coming from above in the air, and in the front of my home, over the lake. I feel good today, I also do feel that nothing happened to me, from what ever was going on........ It's about time, it probably happened to another person at the lake. I do not have any recordings either sound or video, but I was not expecting anything, to happen to start with.  That Sound was pretty loud, with three tones hard to explain. did not sound like a jet or a helicopter, or a musical instrutment..... STRANGE to say the least........"
"While letting my dog out, a very bright white circle of light appeared suddenly in the sky.  It seemed very low like small plane or helicopter height, but was brighter than anything I have seen before.  It almost immediately began moving rapidly in a straight northeast direction, never diminishing in size or brightness but with a bright orange \"tail\" trailing it and passing directly over my house.  It seemed to be decending, dropping out of view over the roof but was gone by the time I ran to the other side of the house."
"UFO-PC-FL Oct.25-2015-5:00-6:00-AM.  I-craft=3-Glowing-spheres. 24140.2 Meters long  low sonic sound. Under 2,000 FT. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the three objects are the three planets, currently visible in the eastern sky.  PD))"
"It had Smaller Orange/Red colored V's outlining the main wedge shape. It moved Quickly and Silently. Sitting on my deck having a smoke, Our place at the time was in a new development area...Low lighting.    Our deck faces the South and from the SouthEast Came a V Shape object with What looked like 9 smaller V shapes outlining the Larger wedge with an orange glow on each individual V. The Center of the object seemed transparent but the speed and silence of it was unreal. To this day my roommate still thinks im a kook but I swear I saw it. The factors he threw in my face were it was late summer and the Canadian geese were Taking off before the cold hit...My argument to that was they go South for the winter not North and they make a whack  of noise when they are flying around. Not a single sound of a turbine or anything that you would normally identify an airplane with, If you think im kidding..Whatever but so far in my life my eyes havent failed me yet. Just checking out recent stories on MSN.Com lead me to this site....If it was some kind of Hi-Tech Aircraft then I couldnt tell you what it was doing in Alberta. But I Swear on my life I saw something. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Orange fireball flying low following the highway. Heading eastbound on hwy 40/61, at 8:45pm CST, I notice an orange flickering light coming westbound, off in the distance approximately 1 mile away.  It was following the highway.   As it got closer I see it is an orange fireball.   I stuck my head out the window as it flew directly over my head, about 10 seconds from first sight, and at the hwy DD/Winghaven exit and I look up at it.  As it was coming towards me as well as when it was directly over me it appeared to be an orange fireball with a black center.  It was flying very low. As I was driving at the time, I could only look up at it for a second or two, looked back at the road, then looked back at it out my driver side window.  I did not see the orange fire from behind, but only the shadow of a craft before I had to look away again.   I have heard of the orange fireballs on C2Cam, or else I would have thought this was a plane on fire.  I looked a again for it behind me and saw nothing.  From first sight to end do sighting was about 20 secs."
"this is an UPDATE... it is not a UFO... it is the star \"ANTERES\"  several forum members on an aviation site helped me find out what it was. i knew it was too high for an aircraft, and after showing others my 2 videos, they said  \"southwest sky?\" ...i said yup  \"red blinking star..just below a bright white one?\"..i said \"yup\"  \"in the southwest side of the horizon..red/white lights blinking like mad?\" ..\"uhuh!\"  congratulations...you found antares!!  i dont know my stars at all (hell i even forgot \"where\" the NORTH star should be) i thought that JUPITER was the north star, it was so BRIGHT!!  anyways, i RETRACT my \"ufo\" sighting..i just happened to see a shooting star, and its path crossed anteres....freaky how we come up with stuff.  just for you nuforc guys..my two shortened vids.. dont laff! i dont know my stars :)  http://smg.photobucket.com/albums/v205/GAU-8/?action=view&current=whatisthis.highquality-1.flv http://smg.photobucket.com/albums/v205/GAU-8/?action=view&current=starwars.ontheil2forum.flv"
"Small orange triangle making impossible high speed maneuvers As written by my son who was the witness of this incident. At approximately 0145 the morning of July 17, 2007, I witnessed an  object traveling at great speed move west to east across the nights sky. This object would then come to a complete stop without slowing down,  turn 90 degrees, and move north to south at a slow speed. The object would  pick up speed, and then would start making very tight, perfect spirals  while traveling very fast. In the center of the spiral, this object  came to a complete stop again, turned 90 degrees, and then head east to  west at a slow speed, then disappeared. It did this a few times while I  observed this object for about 4 minutes. The object was made up of three orange lights that formed a small  triangle. The maneuvers I witnessed were things that I have never seen  before. The high rate of speed, the sudden complete stops, the 90 degree  turns, and the tight, perfect spirals led me to believe that what I saw  was a UFO."
"A bright light approached then seemed to go straight up and disappeared While sitting in the hot tub tonight, looking at a clear black sky with bright stars, I noticed a rapidly moving white light coming across the sky from west to east.  It was about the size of a bright star or planet, but was moving at a very fast speed.   Being as bright as it was, I expected to see the blinking lights as it got closer and the sound of a commercial airliner or whatever, but instead it stopped it's eastward movement and got smaller as though it went straight up.   There was no sound whatsoever.   There were no clouds to hide it, it just seemed to get smaller and disappear among the stars!"
"Group of young people claim to have witnessed a large triangle, with lights on its edges, streak overhead. Telephoned Report:  A young man called to report that he and his friends had just witnessed a large triangle, almost the apparent size of a full Moon, streak overhead, from horizon to horizon, in approximately 6 seconds. He described the triangle as having several red or orange lights, perhaps 5, on each of its edges. He said he would submit a report. ((NUFORC Note:  The person who called sounded to us to be seemingly  responsible, but when we called back, to inquire as to the disposition of the follow-up written report, the party simply, and rudely, just hung up the telephone.  Possible hoaxed report, we suspect.  PD))"
"U.F.O. zips across sky at incredible rate of speed, HUGE and very high in the sky Western Colorado. My wife and I were lying in the grass watching the sky and we saw a dark object pass from the South heading North/ This object was traveling at an amazing speed, zipping across the sky and disappearing into the horizon within 15 seconds, appeared to be very very high altitude yet extremely LARGE in size.  This object made no noise at all, no trail or anything else you would expect from an aircraft.  We know the differance between commercial, military aircraft flying through the sky high or low, fast or slow but this was truly something of its own and amazing!  It was a dark color, grey or blakish.  Chevron or triangle shape."
"Orange spheres appear near Medina Lake blinking on and off for several minutes. Orange sphere bigger than your regular star appears in the night sky for a few seconds and then blinks off.  We were facing south looking towards Medina Lake.  The lake is visible from my house and is about two miles away.  Lakehills, Texas is about 40 miles northwest of San Antonio.  The orange ball then reappears a bit further from original appearance but not by much then blinks off again.  Then another appears further to the west and also blinks off.  Then one blinks on and two more blink on next to it.  Another blinks on a short distance away from it.  Then one by one they blink off.  At one point about six or seven were blinking on and off.  All of them were the same color which was orange.  There was no sound, no moving any direction either sideways or up or down.  There were no flares and they were not fireballs, aircraft, flares or drones.  Though they appeared in different parts of the sky they were all aligned at same altitude.  They were not very hi! gh and best guess is probably no more than 2500 feet and could have been less.  They were round like a basketball and they glowed on and then off.  After about 5 minutes or so the show was over.  They reminded me of the Phoenix lights.  There was some moonlight and a few clouds.  They did not appear behind clouds and we could not discern if they were connected together.  I believe they were separate because at one point one or two would appear above each other. Tried to take a photo but they would blink off too quickly.  Fascinating little show to say the least.  Though this is my personal opinion it seemed to me that they knew we were observing them and thus the display.  Who knows?"
"Bright light shoots eastward over Fenton at 1000mph and disappears.  2/6/16  We were driving east, when we saw a bright light with a flashing green light fly over us also heading east.   My first thought based on speed and altitude was a single engine airplane or a helicopter. But soon as we saw it and I had time to think that, the light shot eastward and disappeared in less than a second.   Couldn't have been a shooting star based on altitude and it was overcast.   Not sure what we saw but it definitely wasn't natural. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Teardrop craft hovered in sky and then darted into a cloud and didn't come out. Traveling north on I-15, in Utah.  Teardrop shaped object appeared to left of freeway, and appeared to have a very shiny, chromelike surface.  I watched it, trying to figure out what it was as it hovered there in the sky.  Then, after staring at it for about 30 seconds, it darted into a nearby cloud, extrememly fast from a hovering position. I watched the cloud intently for about 30 minutes, wishing it would come out, and it did not. I was not afraid, which surprised me, and found myself just staring and wishing it would come out so I could see it again.  It almost felt like it knew I was watching, and then darted in to a cloud to hide. (Wierd, I know.)  Feel free to contact me if you wish."
"Orb appears out of thin air, turns into UFO in San Diego. To Whom It May Concern, A friend and I were driving towards the beach in San Diego on Friday the 11th of July, 2014. I was driving over a bridge when I saw something strange in the sky about 1 to 2 miles away towards the beach.  I looked at it for about 30 seconds, while trying to show my friend what I was looking at.  He couldn't see what I was seeing:  a round orb flouting in the sky.  It wasn't anything recognizable, i.e. plane, helicopter or drone. I told my friend to take some pictures with his I-phone but he couldn't see what I was talking about so I told him to steer the car while I took the pictures.  I was able to get two pictures through my windshield and one with the window on the driver's side rolled down. There wasn't a place to pull over and when I finally could pull over the object had disappeared."
"at 5:30 on 1/3/11 , i was walking my dog faceing north when i saw a flash in the sky.I saw a star moving from north to south .as it move it flashed, move and flashed again it did it 4 times . and then it move out of sight."
"I saw about six lights coming toward our house in a straight line, and one at a time from the furthest away, they went out. My husband and I were sitting in our living room.  We have a large wall of windows, and at 11:20 p.m. on Sunday, October 1, 2006, we saw about six lights coming from the south toward our house.  They were traveling northeast one behind the other in a straight line.  They looked like huge stars, whitish in color, smaller than what the moon looks like.  We ran out on our deck to watch them.  We watched for about 10 seconds.  They were close - between us and the mountain range on the other side of the highway.  We didn't hear anything.  One by one, from the furthest south, they each disappeared.  The first object, which was the last one left, was almost directly east of our house, near the mountain range, turned red, and disappeared.  At the time it disappeared, it was the size of a star."
"Strange lights over Queen Anne Hill. At 21:42 I witnessed two white lights moving East by SE directly above my position.  It is unclear whether they were from two separate crafts moving together, or a single, larger craft.   Both lights faded from view as they reached the horizon."
"Large flying v- and t-shaped lights. Outside of my house at approx. 2100 hours, I noticed an object flying at what looked like 20000 feet.  I had no time to photograph.  I ran inside, and got on my computer to find no current flights within 100 miles of my location, and the I.S.S was off the west coast.   There where a total of 7 lights, one wide V shaped, and next to it, a large T shape.  Moving far too fast to be a plane, and too slow to be a satellite"
"Bright linear light that quickly disappeared While driving southbound, a bright light beamed in the sky and descended in a linear pattern then quickly disappeared."
"close encounter I'm a science teacher and do not normally believe in the paranormal.  I was coming back with my wife from dropping off the moving truck.  There were no cars on the roads. We were passing a 1 mile stretch of farmland.   We drove over a small hill and a flying saucer was hovering over the road.  It made no noise and had a metallic shine; it looked like the classic UFO.   We were only about 80 feet away and getting closer.  It must have been 20 to 30 feet across.   The UFO made an aggressive move towards the moving car.  I thought it was going to hit us.  I panicked and did not stop.   My wife looked back and it was nowhere in sight.  We do not know if we lost time.  I think we did not.  We are not sure to this day.   It took me a while to report this since I'm into astronomy and a skeptic."
"floated as if in water... I went out at to move my car due to city work at 5:10 am on aug.19,2009. I opened the front door and saw what looked like a three story building on it's side just floating as if it were in water. It had many white and red lights and was very quiet and to low to be an airplane.I stood there watching and in my head trying to reason \"this can't be. It simply made a left turn and floated away. I used to think people who saw these things were nut cases, not anymore I belive."
"3 orbed lights over substation in newberlin ny I was going out to the front of my house at 9:45 pm when I noticed two orbed red lights with white halos in the sky moving I called.  My girl friend to come look cause she don't believe in ufos so she came out to the front of the house she did see them.  they then went behind my neighbors trees.  i could still see them through the trees, then they disappeared.so I continued to watch the sky then another one showed above the street light same size same color that moved just for a little bit then hovered over street light.  then disappeared.  its awful funny how these orbs where over a electrical substation and now there are trucks at the substation 4 trucks as a matter of fact this is very suspicios to me."
"Egg shaped object flying over Tolland to then disappear. On the night of april 22, 2018, my girlfriend, my friend ((male name deleted)), and I, were pulling out of my driveway to bring my girlfriend home when a large oval/egg shaped object that was a white with a green kind of glow to it flew passed my vehicle, and then after about 10 to 15 seconds, it\u2019s like the lights went out and it was gone with no track of it moving in a different direction or altitude.   As we got to the top of my street, which peaks the top of a mountain, we looked around all directions and it was nowhere to be found.  Thinking it was just a plane, but if it was, we could easily still see it from the peak of the hill.   At that point we all couldn\u2019t believe what we saw, but we know for sure by the way it was flying and how it just disappeared it was not something of this planet. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we found him to be eloquent, and serious-minded.  PD))"
"Golden pyramid half hidden by dark clouds but still visible.  Massive and slowly moving as moon would on setting.  I was locking up garden sheds when I noticed it.  A t first, I thought it was a full moon setting and the clouds were covering  some of its circular  shape leaving only a triangular  shape visible.  Then I stood and took a more closer look and realized it was a massive pyramid.  It had markings on it but nothing that made another shape or sense.  Similar to  water markings. I know it wasn't  the moon for several reasons.  1 its shape and colour.  2 the moon never sets in that direction but usually further  west.3 very low , way too low.  I thought I'm going in to fetch my camera and hubby.  Turned to double check before I entered the  house and it was gone.  I don't know where.  Tne second I saw it, looked down to watch my footing on path looked up and nothing there.  It was a dull dark evening, dark earlier than normal with grey cloudy skies."
"i saw these objects while driving so i took 2 pictures, they look like gold starts until you zoom in. I was coming home from the gym, and I saw objects in the sky so I too2 pictures, I didn't notice till the ne,t day when I zoomed in that they were not stars, when u zoom in, they look like squiggly lines, they are crazy looking."
"bright light, over the North suburbs of Chicago Very-very bright light traveling from W to E. Straight line, no flashing, although light seemed to come from more than one source on craft. Not a plane. No sound No Flasing. Went across the whole horizon, no change in direction. ISS? Space Shuttle?    Always Looking"
"Found a unknowen object in the sky in a photo that was taken while shotting pictures of the main street running through my village Found will looking at photos take from a bridge looking into chicago, object appears to be a disk of some kind not really sure what it us. The collar of the object appers to be sliver. Did not see the object with my own eyes cought it on camera when taking photos of the main street running through my village. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The sphere was a completely orange. Orange sphere spot over 3 points then shortly after one by one five others appeared and disappeared in sequences beneath it, they started appearing diagonally moving up then they disappeared completely. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"West Simsbury Late 1995 Nightmare Imp Woods Alien Misinterpreted Estimated Timeline  September 03 1995? West Simsbury, CT Masters School - Mountain Pass Located near Saddle Ridge. Observing waterfall at end of street in woods, acquaintance rushes towards my location saying that \"someone\" is coming after us and we need to leave at once. I look up mountain ledge and see as well a \"person\" so blacked out that you can not even tell who or what they are - this beings features are so blurred you can't take any descriptive readings. Chased about half way out of woods by this \"person\", entity has not been seen since this occurrence by myself.  Shortly after, the entire area would flood with overflow from an old storm.  I believe at the time we were in 7th grade and enjoyed playing near the forest.  Have heard from others strange things have happened in these exact same woods and sometimes you need to steer clear of these places to be safe.  Perhaps someone else has had a similar experience. I would not say it is demonic in nature, perhaps closer to alien like activity which is why I believe it may be of interest here.  Supernatural in the same sense, we can push aside such folklore and myths of the past to suggest it may have been some type of extraterrestrial, not the traditional cliche grey though something much more fearful scary and sinister, a reason to look your doors and windows at night.  It may be taken as demonic by some except that would be not be the full understanding of such a being and how it would see us.  I am not sure if it \"radiated\" we ran so fast away from this  being of great dark power.   The closest approximation of it's appearance would be a nightmare imp from Doom. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=90383333  I doubt this artist's vision can give it justice though.  I advocate for others to share if they have run into this same situation, whether it was a hallucination, dream, or something else. Perhaps it could be something far worse. None the less people need to keep their eyes and ears open for such a \"person\" as it is worthy of study.  This has been discussed on the web and no one has really offered a rational explanation beyond the obvious; it was a hallucination, or even a imaginative reaction to the shadow people folklore, perhaps a hysterical occurrence of normal origin mistaken. My own opinion on this matter is if you encounter this being you could stay to see exactly what this person is and what they are doing, though it may be wiser to turn a blind eye and run very fast never looking back.  You would be better off protecting yourself than learning what this exactly is and leaving it alone at just that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright White and Blue-Circled, Oval-Shaped UFO Splits into Three Objects and Disappears from Sight! UFO Sighting in Littleton, Massachusetts, Nov. 1, 2015 - 5:15 PM EST.  Did anyone else see the really up-close UFO this evening at 5:15 PM EST over Littleton, Massachusetts by the Groton/Littleton Route 119 EXIT off Interstate Highway Route 495 (which runs North/South) ?????????... Yes! ... Three of us saw a UFO this evening at dusk time, in Littleton, right before the sun set in the west. ... It was as close as 100 yards away, flying right over the new Littleton Police Station on Route 119 (which runs East / West), near the brand new Demoulas Market Basket Supermarket Plaza on Route 119, near Littleton Center! ... My sister's boyfriend (who saw it FIRST, and pointed it out, as he was standing in a westerly direction), myself, and my lifelong friend,were standing in my sister's driveway when her boyfriend said: \"Wow! ... Look at THAT! ... What is THAT?!\" ... My friend and I immediately looked up into the Western / Southwestern sky, and we all saw the exact same thing at the same time! ... It was a UFO !! ... It was flying no mor! e than 100 feet, if that, over the tree lines on the southern side of Route 119, heading west. ... The object was heading from the northeastern sky towards the southwestern sky just before sunset. The sun was shining on it from our left, in the southwest, as we looked due west. ... It came from out of nowhere! It made no sounds, at all. It was internally illuminated, colored a very bright white in the center. All around the perimeter of the object, it was surrounded by a fine bright metallic blue band of bright light. It was oval-shaped, but not perfectly oval-shaped from our vantage point. Also, it was moving VERY FAST !! It left no vapor trails or exhaust fumes behind it. It cast no shadow on the ground. It made no normal aviation type sounds that a jet, or an aeroplane, or a air liner, or a small propellor plane, or a weather helicopter, or a military chopper might make. Nothing! No sounds! It zipped across the sky, coming from, virtually, out of nowhere! The whole perception of it, for all three of us, only lasted between two and ! three se conds, at the most, but that was enough to get a very good look at it.  Also, it appeared to be DESCENDING, as if it intended to LAND somewhere off to the southwest in a farm field in one of the western farms that run along both sides of Route 119 on the west side of Highways 495. ... It was RIGHT ABOVE the tree line! ... We all thought it was going to CRASH, and we were expecting to hear a LOUD BANG, and possibly see flames and smoke. ... But just then, something REALLY WEIRD happened that NONE of us have ever seen before (and I have seen a UFO now, after this, for the THIRD time in my life): instead of the bright, silent, wicked fast, descending, oval-shaped, and internally illuminated object CRASHING to the ground over and past the trees nearby the new, Littleton Police Station, the object, amazingly, SPLIT APART into THREE separate flying round, white, oval lights with a blue tint around the perimeter, and IN FORMATION, these three objects all continued flying / zipping /! floating / gliding / piercing west through the sky over the tree line by Route 119, and then TOTALLY DISAPPEARED from our sight! ... GONE! ... Into thin air! ... Did they LAND? ... Did they CRASH? ... Did they CHANGE DIRECTION on a dime? ... Did they hover even CLOSER to the ground? ... Did they zip off to the South or to the NORTH behind the trees and beyond our sight SO FAST that we could not see them change direction? ... Or, did they ZOOM UP and OUT of our lower atmosphere instantly and so fast that the human eye cannot detect the exit path of their motion?! ... We do not know! ... But, we do know this: we all saw it at the same time. We saw it appear from, apparently, out of NOWHERE. ... We saw it split into THREE separate ovals or spheres. ... Lastly, we saw it then totally DISAPPEAR beyond the tree line without a trace! ... It was real! ... Did anyone else SEE that? \u2026"
"UFO over Oxnard California Nov 5th 2010 We were driving north on the freeway 101. Exiting Rose Ave.  We saw a large glowing ball with an orange tail.  At first it looked like any airplane but the it changed direction towards the pacific ocean.  It was traveling faster than an airplane.  It then just dissapeared for about 30 seconds... and then the glow reappeared in the distance and seemed to be going back into the sky and then it was gone..... super weird!!!  Also, there was no sound.  We also pulled over to the enear walmart and observed it while in the parking lot"
"S-Shaped Black Tumbling Rotating UFO. Middle of the day.  Walked outside, looked up and there it was.  It was floating through the air, a dark S-shaped object, maybe teen feet or so in size - maybe a half mile or less in the sky.  These are guesses to size and distance. It tumbled through the sky, and also, the ends of the S would contract at times, then go back to an S shape - and also I did notice that it would also rotate horizontally, and when it did - it seemed as if it was 2-dimensional on that plane, otherwise tubular. At one time during the horizontal, I noticed a kind of yellow semi-transparent square projection shape go over it, in a flash of time. It strangely enough seemed to go directly over my field of view. I thought about it later, that I was feeling the wind from the opposite direction. As I had plenty of time, time of encounter 30+ seconds, I could not see or identify what it is, even observing it intently, and it did not appear to be a balloon of any kind.  There are no balloons sold in any local stores that match this. I then went on the internet to look for \"s-shaped ufo's\" and I found some others that have had similar sightings:   http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/135/S135145.html https://www.physicsforums.com/threads/s-shaped-ufo.494236/   Something about this seemed...organic, intelligent, and intentional - rather than simply a piece of trash or balloon floating in the wind.  I say this with all skeptical discernment, as it seemed to be tumbling, as it were-as a means of movement or self-propelling, such as the flagella of a cell moves, rather than simply being an object moved by a current. Unfortunately with these kinds of things, it just doesn't sound that impressive - I understand, as it probably would not to me if I read this report of a UFO without experiencing it directly my self. I am relaying this to see if anyone else has ever seen something like this, or has any ideas ... this is all true my story which I share. I do not have any cameras or phone to take a picture, sorry - but the video of the other sighting looks very similar, even exactly - except for the addition of the other details which I had observed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"UFO in first frame then cloaked from video,  iPad video five minutes. At first it Looked like a star, then a sphere, then a star..it was close at first...moved to the left slow, and fainter one emerged for a few seconds then disappeared...then it moved to the right, slowly....the sky had puffy white clouds, it was behind it I could see it like a star...then  in the center of a cloud I was able to see it, it was still\u2026 I took a five minute video of the sky, my daughter and I watched it and talked about what it was doing as we watched it in the sky video recording it....when I watched the iPad video, it is only visible in the first frame then disappears and is cloaked through out the video. We watched it..but it is only in the first frame."
"2 white triangles appeared on the sky heading east to West.   Flying low and very fast.  Disappeared I'm cloud cover.   Lots of jet activity following sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was in the back yard reading a book.  I felt a inclination to look up.  As I did I saw a bright reflective silvery cylindrical object (more of a line than two-dimensional) in the sky swiftly moving from West to East overhead in the clear sky.  About the width of my index fingernail at arms length.   It immediately morphed into a violent rapidly changing highly reflective shape as if it were a flat mirror randomly twisting about on three a axis gimbal.  Not a bird, not a party balloon.  The motion was violent.  No rhythmic pattern.  I expected it to move over the Giant Food store parking lot where I could see its silhouette, but instead it faded into the high altitude water vapor in the sky.   It was much higher in altitude than I estimated, and much larger.  My first thought it was about 60 feet up, but after seeing it fade away so rapidly, I estimate it to be at least a few hundred feet long, at least 30,000 feet up.  It appeared to be traveling at several thousand miles per hour.  No noise.  No vapor trail. No wings.   I'm 54, seen a lot in the sky I have been able to explain.  Not this."
"Saw 3 blinking white lights in sky, looked closer and saw a gray colored chevron shape hovering for about 10 to 15 seconds, and then disappeared."
"We were in the back garden of the house  I clear night and we were watching the stars towards the north  we were surprised by a semi-oval shape  coming from the direction of the north to the south  passes over our heads a few meters does not make any sound  and smooth surface texture metallic reflector  issued dimmed multiple color lights animated from the bottom section  continued In a straight path until  We spoke,  then Suddenly changed direction From a single point  towards the East  Note : This is the third time Each year around the same time Turned in to a Secret family event"
"Red and green lights gliding across the sky, then lowering down. I was sitting on my door step talking on my cell phone to my friend.  Looking straight across the street and above the houses, I saw a red and green light glide slowly to the right, slowly to the left, then returned to the middle and slowly lowered down.   The craft disappeared behind the house in front of me.   I stood up and ran as fast as I could across the street and it disappeared.  There is no way that a plane or helicopter could have moved like that.   It was perfectly gliding across the sky!  I was pretty terrified."
"red object dips below commercial airliner During lunch break, I was outside when I noticed a commercial airplane to my right. The moment I saw this airplane a flash occurred in this small portion of the sky. I could see a red glowing object half the size of the airplane, just ahead and below the nose of the airplane. The airplane was flying south to north, while the object flew east to west. It seemed to just miss the airplane as it shot downward to a slightly lower elevation. After the two crossed paths, the glowing subsided and the object appeared to take on more of a solid, flat, rectangle shape. Both the airplane and the object appeared to be traveling at roughly the same speed. The object continued in the same direction as I got up to get a better view. I took a few steps, looked back towards the sky and saw only the airplane. The object should still have been visible at the speed it was traveling due to my large view of the sky. I am certain from my viewing angle that this event took place directly above the delaware river/philadelphia area which was three miles away from my vantage point."
"Two bright red lights appeared from the west on a clear cold Thursday night just a couple of miles from my home. I was driving south on US Hwy 411 about 8 miles north of the town of Maryville at about 8:30 pm when something caught my eye in the sky.  Two bright red lights were just above the tree tops ahead and a little to the west of me.  As I watched, they moved slowly from west to east pretty much maintaining level.  I was traveling at about 40 mph and the road makes a slow arc to the east there and then a quick reverse S west and back due south.  This put me almost directly behind the lights overhead. The lights had disappeared behind the trees for a couple of seconds as I negotiated the curves going over a rise and into a dip before the road leveled out still heading south.  The lights were moving south, too, but faster than I was moving.  The sky was very dark, but I could just make out what appeared to be a dark boomerang shape with large red lights on each end.  The shadowy shape was much thicker in the middle, where the sweep back of the shape originated, and tapered as it got to the ends.  The lights were large, round, and intensely bright. The closer they got the brighter they appeared.  At the closest point to me, I would estimate the craft was about 100-120 yards long.  If it was that long, it would be 30-50 ft thick at the center.  As it continued south, I would estimate it to be couple of hundred feet off the ground as tree tops would obscure it as I would go into dips in the 2 lane highway. I lost sight of it when I made a right turn and dropped into a dip.  When I came out of the dip, I was able to catch sight of it only for a couple more seconds.  As close as the lights were together then, I would guess it to be about three miles away and still just a few hundred feet off the ground.  Another dip and I didn\u2019t see it again."
"Formation of four lights traveling at an apparent fast rate of speed silently across the night sky. From Fresno California, on August 24 th, 2012, I woke up needing some water and I decided to go outside and check the clear star lit sky, I was hoping to see some falling stars but instead I saw a UFO (or four of them)!   It was almost straight up in the early morning sky (2:30 AM) a bit to the South sky, I saw a fast moving line four lights (about equal to the stars that were out) traveling from West to the East, from one side of the sky to the other ending in their disappearing behind the tree line.  They were spaced far apart but clearly together.  The line was side by side not in a follow the leader row, the line was perfectly straight, each light was constant, not blinking and without color of any kind, the speed was difficult to tell now knowing the distance but it was very fast and took about 4 seconds to go all across the sky.  There was sound at all. This is the first time I have seen such an event, I feel lucky to have seen it, but at a loss to identify it as something earthly.  I am 62 years old, and have observed many different type planes, having been raised near Castle Air Force Base and near both commercial and military air bases.  I would love to learn if there has been any similar sightings!  This report is not a hoax."
"BRIGHT ORANGE GLOWING ROUND OBJECT PULSATING IN SKY MOVING ALONG THEN STOOD STATIONARY THEN DISSAPEARED AFTER IT MOVED ALONG AGAIN One Orange Glowing Round Object going across the Sky which was Pulsating in and out and was in View from the Backyard Patio Deck for about 20 minutes.  As it continued to move along pulsating it slowly shrank down in size.  Then it just completely Stopping in the Air and stayed Still in the same Location for about 7 Minutes as it was being viewed with no movement because one could see the Tree Branches to compare it with my Eyes to see if it was Moving.  If it was going across it would become out of view by the Tree Branches.  It was still in View just staying stationary.   Then the Orange Pulsating Round Object began moving again and slowly Shrank down in Size and disappeared out of site completely.  In other words it Vanished.  There was no signs of any other Aircraft in the Air at the time which was surprising considering the Nashville Airport has Airplanes going in and out all hours of the day which here in Hendersonville many Fly near the House and make t! urns.  There was Nothing in the Sky other than the Round Orange Pulsating object.  The only thing I noticed while standing on the Deck was one of the Neighbors Dogs was Barking and Barking.  Other then that there seemed to be no one around outdoors to see the object in the area which was surprising.    Have no idea what it was other than to say it looked rather ODD considering it was BRIGHT ORANGE and ROUND just PULSATING that is what threw me off because normally the Airplanes in the Area ARE NOT ORANGE GLOWING at all.  This Object was different. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  We suspect that the witness intended a date of September 30, but he enters \"September 31st,\" which is not possible.  We have no way to contact the witness, for confirmation of the date.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"light over cattle pasture Object cited was over a cattle pasture north of Iola Kansas at about 10: 30Pm We were traveling southbound on Kentucky Avenue We spotted a light coming from the sky on the west side of the road The object that the light was coming from was approximately 70 to 80 feet off the ground It was stationary shining in one place on a group of cattle we stopped and observed the light for approximately 30 to 45 seconds the light then begin to move up and northward away from the cattle we put the car in reverse to give chase we were able to observe the light as it gained altitude and speed we had our windows down there was no sound whatsoever with the car in reverse we were able to follow the light for approximately 1/8 mile the object then streaked from our site at a high speed"
"Right at midnight, my younger sister and one of our neighbors came and got me and my brother out of bed to check out this interesting little cluster of lights in the eastern sky above minot.   We were really curious so we got out the binoculars and these crafts were doing crazy things flashing reds, orange and green moving in and out of formations.   I have never seen anything like it before, truly amazing!"
"We were sitting outside looking up at the stars and a string of white objects appeared, about 50 tiny objects in a perfectly straight line.  It moved slowly across the sky and then began to spread out and fall toward the ground.  It seems like there was a bigger object in the front and all the rest were following it.  Then is slowly began to disappear, from the back to the front.  I got my camera out and filmed it for a while, not sure if something was crashing or falling, if it was a meteor or a UFO(s) it was wild. ((NUFORC Note:  SpaceLink satellites.  PD))"
"A very large circular objects about the size of two football fields stood above the ground for about an hour it was glowing green and just hung in the air it looks so close it looked so incredibly large. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I have a 2 photos of the same craft taken one month apart.  the craft appears to be very small. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate date(s) of sightings; provides no photos.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"a light beamed down from the sky onto the ground one day while i was outside , along with three other people , i saw this weird light beaming down from the sky onto the ground at an angle. The light never moved. It remained in the same place.  Then slowly the light began to dim until it slowly disappeared remaining in the same spot.  As my sister ran to get my camera the light was gone by the time she had gotten back. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Circular Bright White Flying Saucer I saw a circular flying saucer just last week. I didn't find this site until now to report it. The saucer was bright white and it impossibly flew really fast in circles, which aircrafts couldn't normally do. It was too far away to notice the details on the saucer, but I can tell it wasn't an airplane. It flew over the airport in Colorado Springs. Couldn't the people at the airport have detected the saucer? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Red lights. Triangle shape moving at faster speed than anything ever seen in sky.  No sound Low intensity red lights in a triangle shape moving faster than anything ever seen in the sky.  No sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"This is a real sighting.  Been wanting to always see one...no camera on hand. My wife and I were sitting on our 2nd floor balcony of our apartment.  I was watching an airliner traveling Eastbound on the Easternmost horizon. An object caught my eye which I first thought was a large very white bird flying Westward from the Eastern horizon. I noticed that this object was V shaped and there was no wings flapping.  The object was traveling fast Westbound. I asked my wife, \"do you see that\"?  She said, \"yes, what was that\"?  The object traveled across the whole sky in maybe 4-5 seconds, maximum.  It appeared to be around 5- 10 thousand feet high. My backgroung is law enforcement, and military advisor, served in Bosnia, Kosovo and Afghanistan."
"A brilliant triangular object hovers approximate 50 feet above my backyard for approximately 1 minute, and vanishes. I do not recall the exact date on which this incident occurred, except that it was during the autumn-winter season of 2007. At approximately three o'clock in the morning, I was playing a video game, and decided to get up and get a glass of water.  When I went to the kitchen and started filling my glass, a very bright blue light came through every window in my house.  It was so bright, I thought it was a spotlight.   I went to the window on my backdoor to look outside and I saw something that I initially thought was a helicopter.  I couldn't make out a shape but I saw two red and blue spinning lights, such as that seen on a vintage ambulance/police car.  For whatever reason, this strengthened my suspicion that it was some sort of helicopter, which is unusual for Haskell, so I stepped outside to see what was going on. I stepped out of in to the backyard. I looked up at the sky and it became very obvious to me at that point that this object was not a helicopter.  It was a giant triangular craft around the size of a football field with a massive circular light in the middle, and three smaller (yet still huge) lights on each of its corners.  In between these lights, and scattered all around the bottom of the craft, were hundreds of thousands if not millions of little \"stars\" and \"bars\" of golden light.  They seemed to glow like the embers of burning wood.  I recall seeing golden bars arranged in patterns along the edges of the craft. There appeared to be squareish \"windows\" on the craft when viewed laterally, but I did not get a very good look at this because it was so low to the ground.  I remember thinking that it appeared to be only slightly higher than the treeline, which would have placed it maybe 50 feet in the air. It hovered over me relatively slowly for what felt like about one minute.  It toally obscured the night sky and the moon, and I felt warmth coming off from the bottom of this thing.  I remember this very well because it was a cool night and this impressed me.  The light which was shone from the four big bright lights resembled that emitted by the old incandescent light bulbs of days gone by, which I found beautiful.  The object was so beautiful and impressive that I felt the desire to jump in to it, but alas I cannot jump that high.  At no time did I feel any fear or anything except amazement and curiosity, and a hot urge to join in on the \"party\" that was passing above me.  It was like a big nightclub hovering in the sky. As the object came over my house it stopped and a red laser beam shot out from the front of it.  It then tilted and turned slightly, and the big light in the middle began to glow a bright red. It pulsated.  The rate of the pulsing started off slow and then began increase by stages.  It was then that the most spectacular highlight of this event occurred.  The craft shot off in to the horizon at a speed far beyond supersonic.  It was almost as if it vanished, it was moving so quickly.  Still yet there were no sounds, no sonic boom, nothing.  It was a joy and a privilege to watch an object that large accelerate so quickly. Despite the fact that it was no longer recognizable in the night sky,  I swear to this day that I could still see it far out there in the sky.  It appeared to be a stationary star several miles away. After it shot off, I went inside and turned on the news to see if this was happening all over the world, and it obviously wasn't.  However, I vividly remember that a few days after this took place I was watching Larry King Live and he was talking about UFOs in Texas. I don't claim to know exactly what it was that I saw but I'm absolutely certain it was not a known military aircraft.  I was pretty confident it was extraterrestrial in origin the moment I got a good look at it.  I still believe to this day that it has extraterrestrial origins.  I hope one day we will learn more about these things because I believe every human being alive should feel the happiness that I did when I caught a glimpse of it. (Note: this sighting took place around south Avenue F.  The object was approaching coming from the east and vanished over the west.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Three wondering red  patterns in the sky Last night, I saw three separate encounters with RED lights. in the sky....on the highway from Comox to Nanaimo BC...  The lights appeared different each time I witnessed them...they had different patterns each time they presented themselves the first on the right side of the highway near Whiskey Creek  was a red light that expanded and dropped a long red line of light...then about 10 minutes later on the left side of the highway...they appeared as two large red circles/red dots...with halos pulsing.....another ten minutes passed and on the right side of the highway it appeared to look light a craft circular in shape  as the red light created the shape ...this was Parksville area\u2026  I was communicating to them as I am a believer.. not my first encounter over the years"
"UFO sighting in Basrah Iraq by U.S. Soldier I am a U.S. soldier and have never had a drink, smoked or done a drug in my life.  I was raised very conservatively and have a very level head.  I am a father and have been married for over 10 years.   While deployed at COB Basrah, Iraq, I saw something that can only be described as a UFO.  I was walking back to my tent from a shift and saw a formation of lights in the shape like the tips of a 5 point star.   The lights were white and round and they appeared to swoop over one of the sections of the camp and lift up higher.  It was only a few seconds of a swooping movement and then the lights faded quickly. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Enormous UFO Arlington, Texas Although I have given the date of my sighting as December of 1993, I am unsure of the exact date.  I was driving East on Arkansas Lane in Arlington Texas in early afternoon.  As I topped the hill and approached the intersection of Park Springs and Arkansas Lane I saw an enormous oval shaped disk that appeared to be made of highly polished silver, hovering over the City of Grand Prairie, Texas, which is the City to East of Arlington and about 10 miles from the intersection I was approaching.  It seemed to me to be about the width of a football field or two and was much larger on the horizon than the Dalworthington Gardens Water tower that came into view as I approached the next traffic light at the corner of Spanish Trail and Arkansas Lane.  The strange thing about this sighting is that the UFO appeared to be appearing and disappearing as it sort of wobbled while sitting there in the sky.  Although I did not see any airliners at that time, The UFO seemed to be sitting well above the trees that were visible to me and just under a landing flight path to DFW Airport that I generally always see a plane or two making a final approach when I travel East on Arkansas Lane.  Sometime before this sighting, I remember hearing about some one or some group trying to project a picture of Christ in the skyline above New York City and at first I thought that because the UFO was appearing and disappearing that perhaps that was happening here also.  However, this was in broad daylight.  I looked to my left, intending to honk at the white pick up truck to my left and call the driver's attention to what ever this was.  However when I looked at the driver, I could see that the gentleman driving the truck had his mouth open and was looking at the same sight I was seeing.  I continued down Arkinsas Lane and the UFO continued to hover and appear and disappear until I reached the intersection of Bowen Rd. and Arkansas Lane.  Then the UFO disappeared and never appeared again.  The next day, I was again in my car listening to either the local Classical or Oldies but Goodies Radio station, when the announcer made the following addition to a short news break, \"All you people in Arlington, who called in to report what you thought was a UFO yesterday were actually seeing a weather baloon.\"  I was not one of those people who called in, but I do know that what I saw was no weather baloon.  At the time of my sighting, I did not have a computer.  Two years later when I did purchase one, I began a search that continues today for someone, anyone who saw this same UFO  I am unsure of the date and even the exact year, but I know that others must have seen it and either called the authorities or a radio a station to report it."
"2 untrained observers saw 1 object that was a bright light that quickly changed colors repeatedly.   I was too far away to say anything more than the light appeared circular.   I took video and picture but not much detail can be seen.   A small airplane flew by a few minutes later and it had some alternative g lights on its bottom, but it was not the same craft.   Someone else posted it could've been a lantern, but I think not because of the color changing.  If anything a drone with lights...or something else."
"My grandparents were just pulling into the driveway and I went outside to meet them.  I was helping them take suitcases out of the trunk when I saw lights far away in the distance moving really slow. I figured it was something I just never saw before and I pointed to it and asked my grandfather (retired army guy) 'Grandpa what is that??\"  pause.... \"Well that would be a UFO\"  completely deadpan.  It was low in the sky and was approaching very slowly.  Dogs started barking all over the neighborhood.  We stayed outside and watched it pass over.   It was very large and oval and had multicolor lights around the edges that slowly rotated as it moved forward.   It very slowly went off into the distance (I think we watched it for a long time) and I ran inside and called the police (more because I was hoping they would say what it was) and the dispatcher said he was getting tons of calls and he was assuming everyone had a lot to drink this St. Patrick's Day.  The next four hours the sky was full of helicopters with searchlights.  The newspapers reported the next day it was likely ultra lights in formation.  I have no idea what it was but you could see the solid bulk of it as darker against the night sky.  It made no noise either, and the lights weren't in plane formation.  My grandfather read the papers the next day muttering obscenities to himself the entire time.  He was quite annoyed that the there was no reliable explanation."
"\tYellowish/orange lights my wife was in the kitchen she just happen to open the back door and seen the first light and she called me and the kids in to look now to me it looked like it was a triangle shaped .but my son says it looked like a bright light to him the first light was not moving just getting bright and dim then from the south west came another light and as the first light faded out the secound one moved up and took its place and just hovered in the same place .  i started flashing my small led flashlight at it i would flash 3 times and it would flash back 3 times my son had his sony tabblet s and took pictures of them if you need them thank you"
"A light above my house took some of my roof and a file on my computer with UFO pictures. On the night of june 1st, I was driving home late from work.  I got at my house at around 1:30 AM when i saw some sort of small light above my house,and it was shooting a yellowish lazor to my house.  It turned slightly, closed the lazor, and flew away. No one in the house was harmed.  The next morning, i went onto my roof to see if anything happened,and a small chunk of my roof was gone.  After i fixed it, i went onto my computer to see if this happened to anyone els, but it froze everytime the windows opened. Everything els was fine, and my neighbors who also had windows had no problum, so i called my comouter frend to fix it. When it was fixed, all the files i had were still there, exept for one with a bunch of UFO pictures. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 Unidentified Orange Lights above Anchorage. I was bringing my son's friend home from the movies and was headed south on Elmore Road to Abbott Road.  I noticed 2 orange lights in the same vicinity just above the treeline and west of the road through the front windshield.  The orange lights were similar in color to the street lamps common to Anchorage;  however, the orange lights were at a higher elevation than street level.  At first, I thought they might be lights atop radio or cellular towers, but as I focused, towers never manifested themselves and I wasn't aware of any towers in the residential neighborhood I was near.  That was my initial judgement as to elevation.  It was dark and the UFO's never manifested shape or elevation - only orange light.  The lights also appeared stationary.  There were small aircraft operating that night with the customary white lights or blinking lights.  As I turned west onto Abbott Road and then north again into a neighborhodd on Cathedral Way.  The lights appeared d! irectly overhead and visible through my sunroof.  I opened the sunroof to get a better look.  At this time, only one orange light was visible to me.  It appeared stationary but then began to move in a southwesterly direction.  No engine noise heard.  The orange light was round/oval and flickered slightly before the orange light dimmed completely.  At that point, the object resembled and appeared to have altitude similar to a satellite moving in orbit.  I followed the object until I could no longer see it.  So, not sure if I was catching sun off a large satellite moving in polar orbit (i've seen plenty of satellites orbit and never one display an orange light like this one) or if I was catching a drone moving in the area or something else."
"We were laying outside in the hammock and looking at the moon and stars when the sky completely blacked out.   All we could see was a triangular shaped object moving from north to south.  It was extremely low and quiet and with no lights at all.   About after 15 seconds of it moving very slowly across the sky it disappeared."
"3 orange orbs 1000 feet off ground 100 yards apart in triangle formation then disappear Large orange redish orbs in triangle formation about 100 yards across, 1000 feet off ground, no noise.  Each orb size of a volkswaggon.  Then left in a unimaginable rate of speed."
"object had no sound , and it hover in mid air. i has driving on the i-15frw , a object in the sky was flashing light. at first i tout it was a blimp pi but it was to small and flying to low . ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"On October 31st @ 7:30 pm I locked my truck in my driveway and turned to go back in the front door.  I gazed up at the sky and noticed what I thought to be a star. I realized it was too bright and it was moving. It seemed to be coming toward me (going east).  I then stopped to observe it because of its strong single light and the fact it seemed it was moving rather fast.  I live along the coast of Florida and it\u2019s not so unusual to see planes, both private and commercial as we are within around 20 miles from an international airport. I have also seen many helicopters, even at night assisting in police searches. I believed this was something I hadn\u2019t seen before.  I listened carefully, as I can usually hear the aircraft, but could not hear anything.  The sky was very clear, I compared the object to a star and it was similar, but too big, too bright and distinctly moving eastward. Within 15 or 20 seconds, this bright moving light abruptly became an oval shaped white light with a dark center facing downward and it slowed down, practically hovering. At this time it had been at least a minute and I ran to the front door and called my wife to see it. She concurred it was nothing we had ever seen before and we should call the police.  Instead I knocked on a neighbor\u2019s door and asked him to come quickly.  He happens to be an avid fan of flying and sometimes attends the air force demonstrations. He as well concurred and together the three of us watched this object move laterally, slower than I had first observed. Now it was traveling south.  For about 30 seconds more it continued, the turned sharply west, moving away from us and just as the oval light had seemingly been switched on, it switched off.  Then it started moving at the original speed I had observed and we lost sight of it into the horizon, as if it went very far west."
"Bright light seen above horizon moving up and down erratically towards the northeast. While staying at a lodge on a mountain in Greenville, ME (I will not name the lodge, but will say that is has a clear view to the North and of Moosehead Lake) my father and I had returned from a night of moose watching around 12:30pm.  The sky was pitch black and many stars could be seen, including many high flying airplanes heading for Europe in the same path continuously.  However, towards the Northeast I saw a bright light, about as bright as a light from a lighthouse if it were a mile away, about 10 degrees above the horizon.  Now, there is a small airport with a light in that direction as well, but it was clearly distinguishable that this was not the airport light.  The light, which glimmered, traveled further to the East in a direction away from us.  I mentioned it to my father, who saw it for himself and admitted that he did not think it was an airplane.  The craft would move up and down about 5 degrees while moving towards the East.  The craft did this about five times while we watched it.  The color was an orange that changed slightly to a blue and red as it moved across the sky.  The object disappeared when it dove towards the horizon quickly and faded as it dropped."
"Very large, bright light hovering about 10,000 feet in the air. The full moon was in the east.  Across the sky to the west, directly across from the moon, there was the brightest, largest light I have ever seen.  My daughter saw it too.   We stopped the car and watched it.  It was very large and bright.  It looked like vehicle headlights, but approximately five or size times bigger, and was low, but very far away.  I was surprised no one else seemed to see it.   I tried to take a picture on my cell phone but it did not show up on the screen.  It wasn't moving, but disappeared 20 or 30 seconds later. I saw this exact same light about 3 weeks later, in the same place in the sky.  I was about 6 miles southeast of the area where I first saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"My wife and I saw this at 12:30 am we had just arrived back in Pacific Beach from a party in La Jolla and saw 7 yellow / orange lights; 2 triangles w one light in between traveling NW.  no sound, no blinking and the formation gradually changing. they seemed to turn north and disappear. http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/outthere/2008/01/san_diegans_among_those_seeing.html ((NUFORC Note:  Possible party lanterns, but that is a guess.  Many other reports.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Brilliant, white, perfectly round objects, jetting back and forth, up and down, in night skies. Round, bright, white, objects, jetting sporadically back and forth, up and down, in the night skies. Several Brilliant white round objects, jetting off at extreme speeds and reappearing, as if they were playing tag. While on an East coast car vacation, nearing Bar Harbor, Maine, friend and I had pulled over in a National forest parking area to get some sleep after driving on the road for several hours. Ready for some sleep, laying down in front and back seats of a Plymouth Duster, looking out the car windows, we were watching these objects playing tag in the sky.  We suddenly were energized enough to drive on to Bar Harbor, near civilization. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Half V formation lights with plan not far behind. I saw at least 12 lights in the shspe of a half triangle.  It was moving from west to east pretty quickly.  I kept adjusting my eyes because it looked like birds in the \"V\" formation, except the right side was shorter on lights.  I am still trying to understand ehat it was.   As it faded in the distance a plane was following it.  The plane had a flashing light so I knew what it was.  I ran back to my truck and jumped on google and twitter using key words hoping someone in the area saw the dame thing. It was also very silent.  If I had not looked up while walking my dogs I would have never known."
"Fireball above Puget Sound I was walking Alki Beach when I noticed a very bright fireball-like object appear over the Puget Sound. I watched the object shoot straight up into the sky with a very quiet noise that lasted only a second at most. The object was never seen again. The event lasted about one minute."
"Triangle formation to horizontal line. Went outside Friday/Saturday early morning from 12:50AM-2:30 to do my weekend star gazing.  While listening to Coast to Coast AM, at 2:04AM, I noticed, while looking up towards the sky to my NW position, a triangle \"V\" formation of lights!  Three pin dot lights of yellow/white color!  With three red colored lights as well!   The lights were in a triangle formation at the start, and ending in a horizontal line formation!  Noticed also three slow blinking red lights at its base!  Object did make a low hum sound as it flew over my backyard!  Moon was also setting west over the front range foothills/mountains.  My first thought was a B-2 or Stealth fighter!  But was too large to be any!  Was bigger than any of our aircraft!  I also investigate as well!   Been a Ufo investigator for 17 years!  As my own private Ufo investigator, this was my first Tirangle/V shape sighting!  As to how high this was,estimate altitude was 7,000ft+.Temperture was 52 degrees out!  Clear skies!!"
"9:45pm EST, July 13th 2013.  Yellow Light magnitude = to Jupiter. Locatio approx 5 Degress South of Vega/Altair (Mid) axis. I was taking our dog for his late evening trip outsiide.  Notice what I thought was a planet but knew there had been no planets in this area of the sky recently.  Our last trip out with our dog is alway plus or minus 30 min of 10pm. I took my eyes off the object for a few seconds to watch our dog and looked up anff focused on the \"light\" just as it departed in a curved upward angle of 1-2 on the clock dial and whisped out off sight with accelerating speed.  It was amazing.  I grew up in Florida in the late 50's thru Mid 70's.  As a youth was an avid fan of Nasa, Aviation, and Astronomy.  We lived within 15 miles of MacDill AFB. This was no jet's afterburner glow.  This was a craft of some type.  It had no audio signature.  Our 65lb Huskey was very excited for the next 45 minutes."
"V-Shaped object hovering over residential neighborhood. Observed unusual bright light gliding from hills at Hellman Wilderness Park.  Craft headed south toward residential neighborhood, looked to be very low in the sky then shot straight up into night sky until it disappeared.   Object was V-shaped and made no sound."
"Unusual Aircraft near the Secret City   Hello, I live close to the secret city in Tennessee.  I and many members of my family have witnessed unusual looking aircraft.  When I was 9 years old while we were moving from Wears Valley to Gatlinburg my mom and 2 of my sisters was traveling in one of our automobiles ahead of my dad and myself in the moving truck, when right above us crossing the mountain about 500 foot above all of us were 3 circular shaped aircraft with multi colored lighting.   Then when I was 12 years old me and my nephew and niece were running home from a friends house a couple streets down from the street we were living at the time as we had stayed out after curfew, approximately 5 minutes from house to house, when a triangle shaped aircraft appeared just above the tree line over road and multi light beams were hitting everywhere and time seemed to slow way down or stopped as I remember we were running but not gaining ground.  We arrived home later than we should have and we escaped puni! shment for telling what had happened and my parents told us not to mention what happened to anyone.   Years past as they do and I went to work in supervisory positions at the main airport here near the Secret City. One night while I was relieved from duty at around midnight and after completing authorized paperwork at around 12:45 am I proceeded home, I noticed what seemed to be construction going on the second set of RR tracts I had to cross nightly going home, as I approached what I thought was a crane holding up a lighted tubular object with spheres on both ends over the tracks was in fact a very unusual aircraft, I stopped to look at this aircraft and began to get out of my car when it turned  toward me and I looked  straight at the pilot of the tubular shaped aircraft with sphere's on both ends and the cockpit was lit up as I saw the pilot clear as day, as I was approximately 50 feet from aircraft, he was as human as you and I Caucasian in color. He wore a black uniform ! with a black military or swat team type cap on his head, I did not exit vehicle as the pilot was smiling at me and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up and the voice inside me said I should not have seen this aircraft and to leave as fast as possible.   I drove off and on straight-aways hit 70 to 90 mph. I had to turn left at a stop sign and then had to cross adjoining RR tracts to get to the road I live on at the time. I came to the road where I had to slow to turn right and something told me to stop and look to my right left, the aircraft had followed me almost to my home and was hovering in the cow pasture  were I was planning to turn right next to my home. I could not move I had to stay there and observe this aircraft, it then started moving backwards and at a tremendous amount of speed crossed the pasture and shot almost vertical into the clouds and from where I was sitting to the end of the pasture were it shot up took about 2 seconds and traveled about a mile. I had always thought if I was in a position to investigate an unidentified! flying aircraft I would do so, but I tell you until you are faced with the decision I was faced with at that time and the feelings that came across me, you cannot say you could have exited the car and tried to make contact. I have held many prestigious positions of authority and I have seen Black Helicopters\u2019 with no markings in our mountain areas from the secret base, I have walked beside wild bears here, but I had never felt what I felt that night. The aircraft seemed to use a magnetic source to travel as it made no sounds while in operation, also given its shape it would have to use magnetic sources of travel. I was born with an I.Q. of 186 and I investigate everything someone tells me or I hear on the television, I am skeptical of almost everyone and what they are telling me and I advise everyone reading to do the same and not just believe what everyone says, as what you will learn from investigating what you see or hear will make you a much more productive person in o! ur society, I have found through my investigations what could ! not be r eal in most cases has been, and what seemed so simple turned out to be something more integral in design."
"Strange Craft By North Casper I have been seeing a strange craft north of Casper about 10 miles from my house in evansville.  It has strange lights that seem to move around the craft.  I have noticed it in the same place for the past 4 nights now at the exact same time in the exact same place.  It seems to stay around for about 45 minutes then just disappears.   I had a friend over one night and showed them the craft and just as she was telling me i was crazy, we both watched the light just fade away to just an outline with a dull white haze where the craft was.  Just like it vanished.   Later i was looking in that general direction at the stars, or what i thought were stars, but they were unusually bright and not twinkling like a normal star and just then a very small dot raced from one to the other and then the 2nd \"star\" also vanished....    Am i just crazy, or what.  I definately know this thing has been showing up like clockwork but i can't seem to get a clear view without a telescope or something.  Wish i could get video...."
"Six hunters see a peculiar cluster of lights descend to the ground, hover, then streak off. Telephoned Report:  A gentleman telephoned the NUFORC Hotline to report that six hunters, located in a very large field, and within sight of a nuclear power plant close to Augusta, GA, witnessed a cluster of distinctly yellow lights descend quickly out of the sky, and hover close to the ground for approximately one minute.  When the object stopped descending, its lights suddenly flared up to extremely bright. After a very short period of time, the lights dimmed, the object rose slowly for a short period of time, and then streaked off into the sky. The hunters were in a field, estimated to be 600-800 acres in size. The sighting occurred within sight of  NUFORC is awaiting written reports from the witnesses. Time, date, location, and other details above are approximate."
"three bright yellow vertical lights at night in the sky near South Gardner. I was traveling down the highway at night and a short distance away in the sky I saw three bright yellow lights in a vertical line with possibly several thousand foot space between each.  I exited the highway to my destination nearby and looked in the direction but i couldn't see the lights any more."
"Black, seemed reflective, flowing object We saw what cannot be discribed!  It was almost like a creature or a conscious craft.  It did not seem manned.  It was definitely not a craft made by man, either.  It seemed other-worldly.  Almost could be an inter-dimensional traveling creature.  Almost could be described as the Grim-Reaper for lack of any real discription.  We all saw it.  I don't know if it was my friend, or someone else in the area, but here is the link to another sighting from this web-site. <http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/060/S60688.html>  It was not a hoax!  It was definitely a complex thing, whatever it was!"
"Orange Lights Over Yuma A series of orange lights were spotted for a few moments SW of the Foothills area of Yuma, AZ at approx. 10:20 PM, July 23, 2008.  There were four to six symetrical lights arranged in a perfect line and were seen to hover briefly before completely disappearing.  I have lived in this area for two years and am very familiar with the normal air traffic traveling past, i.e. helicopters, civilian and military aircraft, yet this group of lights was completely different than anything I have seen before."
"Lights south of Los Lunas, New Mexico. In the south sky.  A bright light had appeared after a while another light came out  it started to fade after about half an hour  I had my mother on the phone because she had seen it before so I shined my flashlight towards it and it got brighter so I did it a few more times it's seem to let me know that he could see me and it totally disappeared and I'd shine my light back at it and it would get bright again this went on all the way up to 8 o'clock"
"Formation of orange lights near Williamsport, PA I heard part of the Coast to Coast radio show tonight Feb 08, 2014, it was about orange lights in the sky.  This is my story. On Halloween night, October 29, 2011 in Williamsport, Pa, my wife and I were driving wb on US Hwy 220 near the junction of US Hwy 15 we observed several orange lights (counted 15 of them) come down out of the distant western sky and were traveling toward us in an easterly direction.  They appeared to be flying in formation.  The lights appeared to be following the Susquehanna River using it as a flight path of some sort.   We pulled over onto the shoulder and watched and photographed the lights. The night was raining with fog.  The time was approximately 20:00 to 21:00 hours, it was dark.  The area is very well lighted with many businesses, road lights, lighted traffic signs, moderate traffic flow and yet only two other vehicles stopped near us. When the lights were first noticed, I was traveling at approximately 55mph.  I pulled over seconds later and began watching them.  Initially I thought they were like some kind of bag light or something to commemorate a party of some sort, Halloween, wedding or something like that.  I got out of the vehicle and watched the lights and tried to video record them.  I could not get them focused and eventually in like a panic I took photographs to document this.  The lights seemed to take several minutes to get to my location and as they passed directly to the south of me, less than a quarter of a mile in direct line of sight they quickly dropped down and entered the fog over the river and disappeared. Their dissent  coming from the west seemed to be gradual, but then as they were within a half a mile they went from a height of at least a couple hundred feet, (they were higher than the power lines that cross over the river in that area) to where they dropped down quickly, lower than the bridge going over to South Williamsport and entered into a thick fog bank with all the lights following the ones in the lead staying in formation the entire time. Later the next year in July while we were at some friends, I met a young man and he and I shared our interest of UFO\u2019s and space travel.  As we were talking about this, we both turned and were looking toward the western sky and in the day light both at the same time saw another orange light in the sky and both were very excited and brought it to the attention of at least 10 other people there who all looked, but were not nearly as excited as he and I were.  Pretty cool. I would swear to this report in any setting.  I am a former Highway Patrolman from a state other than PA."
"Spherical bright glowing craft moves out over Lake Ontario, stops, Comes closer to us, then takes off in the opposite direction... While standing at the shores of Lake Ontario in the suburb of Toronto, Mississauga, myself and 3 friends witnessed a strange ufo at roughly 10pm est. I was the first to notice the craft, which started over the land, and proceeded to fly out over the lake. I could not tell exactly how far away it was, nor how fast it was going, because I have never seen anything like this is the sky before. The craft seemed to be spherical or circular, and was the brightest a biggest thing in the sky by far. It was also completely silent. It proceeded to fly out over the water and after a bit, it seemed to stop. What happened next I still am not to sure of, because once again this is not an everyday thing...The craft began to glow brighter and bigger. I'm not sure whether it was stationary and just glowing more intensely, or if it was coming directly towards us. After about 10 seconds of this, the craft took off in the exact opposite direction, simply fading away and disappearing over the course of about 15 seconds. I have been intensely researching ufo's and other related topics for the past couple of months. This is what perhaps makes it even weirder for myself. I have been trying increasingly to get the particular friends I was with on the night to do their own research. And just randomly, they are the ones who are with me when this happens. We all know what we saw that night, and we embrace it."
"Me and a friend saw fireball being propelled across sky .until it was too far to see."
"it was a light that changed colors and hovered in the sky for quite sometime Sitting home looking out the window my husband and I witnessed a light that at first we thought was a star, it seemed to be changing colors. We used binoculars to see it better and it seemed to change from red to green to white and hovered in the sky for quite a while. I was definately not a star. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Sirius.  PD))"
"I was driving from Fountain Hills to my apartment using highway 87.  As i was about a mile from Gilbert Road, i looked to the south towards Mesa, and the best way I can describe what I saw was that there were three orange orb-lights in the sky spaced pretty close to each other really far away (maybe 20 miles away, 5000 ft high) and as they started to dim out from left to right pretty quickly,   3 more lights appeared a little bit further away in a straight line.   As those started to dim out from left to right 3 more lights appeared.  And this happened about three to four times before they just disappeared completely.   The pattern these lights turned on and off reminded me of a caterpillar effect."
"My friends and I witnessed 4 objects of orange light moving across the sky in formation for about 40 minutes. I was standing in my yard smoking a cigarette with my friends when I happened to look up at the sky and notice a ball of an orangish light fly across the sky between two trees in my yard. The night sky was completely clear and no clouds were in the air so I could see the object of light quite clearly. The light moved too fast to be an airplane, produced no sound, was at a hight of about 200 feet or 300 feet, and seemed to have a small haze around it. At first it was on a southwest trajectory, but then changed immediately to a west north west trajectory. At first I thought I just was seeing things or got too much of a buzz off my cigarette. However, after talking with my friends for another 5 minutes I decided to look in the sky where I saw the object. After watching for about 45 seconds I witnessed 3 more lights move across the same area of the sky in a southeast trajectory in formation. Startled I let two of my friends know what I had seen. We decided to go to the backyard where there was less light and trees to see if we could all see the objects I witnessed. After being outside for about 2 minutes laying down on a blanket we witnessed four objects move from the west part of the sky to the eastern part only to disappear over the city of Natchitoches, Louisiana. All four lights were moving in formation in the same direction. For about another 30 minutes we watched the sky and only noticed the four objects of light once more above the city of Natchitoches before a thick layer of clouds began to move in. We do not know if it was only four objects that we witnessed in the sky or if it was a total of eleven objects of light that we witnessed in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the possibility that the witness may have been observing advertising lights would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that he was looking at genuine UFO's.  PD))"
"you can do this flying from the woods towards the sun after the white ball of lights and weird portals with little humans sitting on chair tiny people in the portals.   they brought demon and other  creatures around the ball of rotating lights- one looked like big gray alien, big black giant wolf and something looking like gigantic big foot and some other creatures.  then white flashes of light seemed to leave the bodies of those creature, they were standing still and looked like empty props. the white flashes that left the bodies moved award towards all directions , a dog type whistle blew.  then the creatures disappeared.  the craft was silent and could be seen taking off going to a big arrange ball of light not the sun.  everything in the sky was red and it took awhile but the craft went towards it and disappeared.  al in all it took about one hour of so. its weird but true 4 of us saw it.  all the dogs were barking ((NUFORC Note:  Witnesses elect to remain semi-anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"30-100' triangle, 500' alt, 500' to a mile in distance ahead of car. Witness was driving down the road, heading north towards his home.  The stretch of road was long and went straight for a few miles.  He noticed blinking lights in the sky which he thought at first to be a light pole but it was actually moving slowly ahead of him.  The object kept an exact path with the road and had two lights in the middle of it that blinked simultaneously.  The lights were a very bright white.  Witness knew that this was not an airplane since airplanes lights just do not blink that way.  The object would go pitch black, then light up again in intervals of about 4-5 seconds.   He continued to follow it down the road, but all of a sudden it flew way ahead of him.   Case under investigation but this much has also been noted:  UFO kept pace with or hovered in front of driver\u2019s car for a time, while appearing 30 degrees above horizon.  It was described as being triangular, from 30-100 feet in size (not sure what dimension this refers to), flashed sequentia! lly, emitted no noise, was under 500 feet in altitude, and from 500-plus feet to a mile distant (not a CEI).  At one point it was over power lines.  There were two witnesses and sighting duration was five minutes. [Parkland is 250 SE of our nodes at Pinellas Park and Largo] (MUFON CMS, 97770)"
"Huge triangle shaped craft over Tijuana. I was leaving a friends house after dinner and was in his front yard waiting for him to come out and open the gate for me.  The thing that caught my eye was these three, what looked like really bright stars, moving slowly across the sky.  What really made me take notice was the fact that they were moving in perfect order to each other.  At this time I yelled to my friend to come and check this out.  It was at this point that I realized I was looking at one object not three because the craft (I do not know what else to call it) did something that blew us away.  It stopped and rotated so the two lights at the rear were at the bottom and the front light was now on top and you could tell it was this huge \u00a8craft\u00a8 because it was blocking out stars we could see when it was in a normal flying position.  We just stared not knowing what to do and as my friend said I need to get my phone and try to get a picture the rear lights started to blink in a weird pattern and then it just shot away and was gone.   This thing was huge and made no noise at all and when it shot away it was gone in a flash but made not a sound."
"Triangle craft flew over my backyard It was late at night and my cousin and I were out in my back yard observing the moon through my telescope. I seen a very bright light coming twords us from the south and when I turned and looked I couldn't believe what i seen. There was a craft very low (Probably could have hit it with a baseball If I had one at the time). It was kind of a triangle shape and had 3 very bright white lights on the bottom of it one in each corner of the craft that was it there were no blinking lights of color and the craft did not make a noise what so ever. You could see the bottom of the craft and it was black with a weird design on it. It was totally light up form the 3 white lights. It flew directly over us and in a matter of seconds was completely out of sight. I have no idea where it came from or what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"High altitude rod or cylinder shaped object with white blinking lights observed in SF An object seen heading south east after dusk in San Francisco (8:50 PM Pacific Standard Time) on Thursday, May 30th, 2013:  On a perfectly clear evening sky, I observed what could have been dismissed as a shooting star, except that it was bright white, rod shaped and had blinking white lights.   I happened to be looking out my front window which is a south eastern exposure and saw a blinking series of lights on what appeared to be an elongated craft which seemed to be rod or cylinder shaped.  It traveled about the same speed as you'd observe a fighter jet or shooting star passing through the atmosphere - extremely fast.  What made me consider the very high altitude of the object in the atmosphere was the fact that the lights faded out far above the horizon, as a shooting star would.  It was only visible for what seemed to be a fraction of a second, however long it takes to witness a solid shooting star.   I was stunned!  There was no sound.  I half expected a sonic boom, but there was none."
"Spotted a strange blinking object in the sky.  upon observation we see a bright object move by it very fast then disappear.  while investigating, we see 3 more blinking objects in a triangle formation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red orange shimmering slow moving orb.....new zealand...many more sighted and not reported from the info i have gathered A single orange/red round object moving uniformly out to sea..disapearing suddenly...not a lantern.or a plane or a satelite....very strange and all 3 of us are intigued ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"it seem to sway back and forth slightly as it moved across the sky, brightly lit Saw the light orb, not sure how high it was, there was no sound, it seem to sway slightly back and forth as it moved about the speed of a sesna across the sky, the light was moving away from sight and still lit brightly, no other colors than that of a regular light as far as i could tell, as it passed the tree line and I went to get my brother, came out and it was gone I went to a better position to see if i could see it...nothing."
"Ufo battles highflying jet explodes over Perry county leaving oil mist on everything early mourning Closely around 3am I hear the sounds of jet afterburners roaring.  Not usually strange event. 30 minutes later I realise that the sound of jet engines is still there and growing louder. Somethings wrong.  Outside I go with weapons in hand.  Understanding nature of warfare. Once outside to the north I hear full engagement of some kind of emp weapon over and over and over.  Sounds of airial battle I can only compare to star wars scenes for lack of any known event before.  Situation is continuing with 1 more flyby of ultra highflying jet as the afterburner roar into the west again for another 30 minutes.  After the \"jet\" passes emp sounds end. Daylight starts to break and a white saucer cloud slowly drifts into view from east to dead north in view.  The craft/cloud explodes upward in series of layers like a nuclear bomb. Just barely starting to see blue skies  of mourning as these rings expand outward and away from the \"event\"before it really registers in my mind this cloud of oily mist stings my check.  I snap out of amazement and run indoors out of the fog mist. I'm certain 100% of event with hard evidence reported citywide.  My girlfriend 3 blocks away tells me of oil drops covering her car before I say a word.  Oddly it was the start of a 2 week deep freeze that night."
"2 yellowish/orange objects passing from south the northwest in western wisconsin Witnessed a glowing yellowish/orange object at low altitude passing from south to northwest.  There were no blinking lights and no sound coming from the object.  It passed in a linear path just overhead and continued to gain altitude until disappearing.   After seeing it, about 7 minutes later the same (or different) object appeared again in the same spot in the south and continued the same path as the one before.   The first two witnesses told a friend about it and he came outside and didn't believe us until the second object then appeared."
"Bright \"stars\" flying in sky in Prescott, AZ. Followed by USAF observation/intervention. At first it appeared to be a very bright star, as bright as Venus. Then this \"star\" moved rapidly across space. Soon we noticed it was one of many. They all had the ability to maneuver in multiple directions. Up, down, and side to side.  They had command of the sky. Shortly, an enormous number of military aircraft were called to the scene.  There were at least fifty fighter jets. These planes looked clumsy compared to the aircraft we had been observing. The UFOs had an incredible grace and range of motion that made the jets seem awkward.  This show continued for about forty-five minutes. Then the UFOs disappeared much as they had come.  They once again looked like bright stars and were instantly gone. My wife and son were with me.  All of us were astounded. The FBI in Phoenix would only confirm that there was---as I had put it---a massive display of firepower in the skies above Prescott. It was an unforgettable experience."
