"UFO shows up after photo is taken. I took two photos one after the other, seeing if the iphone would be able to catch a good photo of the sun.  I didn't check the photo's for a couple of days.  When I looked at the two photos I noticed a blue sphere. on both phots the sphere is at a different position in the sky.  I have tried to explain the hotos as the sun reflecting off the lense or possible ball lightning.  I even thought it may be Veus, but with the movement of the object in a 10 second time frame between the shots, I think I may be wrong on this one."
"Bolivar, MO. Bright white light moving across the sky then vanishing. I was outside and looked up at the stars and noticed a solid white light moving across the sky.  It was much brighter than the stars.   Not twenty seconds after I noticed it the light vanished.   I have seen this on multiple occasions over the past five years in Bolivar and Springfield."
"Many small lights and bright orange flashes. On November 19th 2009 at approx. 1940 (7:40 pm) my stepson called and he was telling me about some unexplained lights that he was observing southwest of his home. He lives 5 miles NW of Okeechobee, Fl.  I went outside of my home and began to look for the objects. I live 18 miles SE of Okeechobee, Fl, as we are rural there is a very low level of ambient light so I have an exceptional view of the night sky. Because I didn\u2019t know the brightness of the objects that my stepson was observing, I turned off my backyard and garage light. My stepson and I were talking on our cell phones for several minutes while I attempted to locate the small-lighted objects that he has been observing for at least 10 minutes. At about 1950 (7:50 pm) I was looking west northwest over my neighbors\u2019 home, and I observed several small lights moving in an area roughly 20 degrees wide and thirty to forty degrees high and approximately 25 degrees above the horizon. This corresponded to where my son-in-law was now looking. I was not able to determine the range or altitude of the small-lighted objects. These small-lighted objects were moving erratically and on several occasions when the lights came within close proximity to one another, I would see a very bright inverted tear shaped orange glow that would last for about 5 seconds. During the time I was watching the group of small-lighted objects were working slowly in a northerly direction. Sometime during all of this I asked my wife to come outside and see what I was looking at. My wife was able to see three of the small-lighted objects but none of the bright orange glows appeared. The activity that I observed continued for about 5-7 minutes then cease! d. All of the small lights disappeared and I never saw another of the bright orange glows. During the time that I was observing all of this activity I was communicating by cell phone to my stepson and he was observing exactly the same activity that I was. I attempted to capture a few pictures on my cell phone camera but the movements were so erratic that I was unable to do so. Some observations that I had were: Small-lighted objects were flashing points of white light, the movements of the these objects were very erratic and of a type not consistent with any aircraft that I have ever seen. The lights didn\u2019t appear to be following one another they closed on each other from a heads on attitude. I didn\u2019t see anything being emitted from these objects The bright orange glows were many times larger than the small-lighted objects and had no movement component to them. These glows all looked similar in shape and size; there were no trails from these glows in any direction. I also was watching the air traffic in the area. I did not see any sudden course changes or any other abnormal flight patterns. Because we are in the center of Florida there is allot of air traffic transitioning the area at multiple altitudes and directions. After this light show was over, my stepson and I were talking about what we had just seen and I asked him what he originally saw that caused him to call me. His statement is below: He had gone outside to sit with a couple of his friends. They were talking and he happened to look up.  He noticed a \u201cV\u201d shaped formation of small objects moving from the south. He continued to watch and then he saw another formation of the lights moving from the north. This second group of lights were scattered and not a discernable formation. The \u201cV\u201d shaped group moved past the scattered group and turned 180 degrees and that is when the orange glows began. At this point he gave me a call."
"Object(s) were stationary, and had an orangish glow to them. We were driving on 675 south bound looking out to the west over Beavercreek Ohio.  The pattern we had seen is what looked like a w & v pattern.  The pattern had several circular light's but they were pretty high in the sky."
"I was driving on S Grand I\u2019m Bozeman on Thursday 10/04/18 around 8:40 pm and two friends and I all saw a blue flashing light over the entire sky.  It lit up the entire sky a light blue color very quickly three times. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw a shooting star that was somthing ele SO I WAS IN MY BED AT 9:30PM just looking out side my window it was a cool night no clouds and the sky was clear I live over a heavy airspace near DTW airport so I see planes overnight so I was looing out my window and I saw what appeared to be a shooting star flying between two trees going east to west then Real fast just took a sharp hard left to the southwest.  I don't know it was to fast to see details it.  but the UFO had a tail like a shooting star.  it was low had to be 100 feet of the ground.   that's all I saw it was just too fast to tell you more. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Several orange lights on UFO seen twice Me and my family members were driving north on 281 through Lampasas and we were looking to the west and saw what looked like an orange shooting star just burning out.   They told me it was probably just a plane and then about 15 minutes later there were several lights that lit up and were spinning in a counter clockwise direction.  I could clearly see that there were bright individual orange lights on the UFO.   After about 10 minutes of driving we just laughed about it and forgot.   The lights then came on again in front if us to the east of 281 and I glanced over to the west and there were two flying objects flying at high speeds towards the UFO.   1 minute later the two flying objects disappeared and the orange lights came on again and repeatedly came on and went off for about 2 minutes.  Haven't seen it since. Tried to video but it was too dark ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 to 3 Bright fireball lights in sky which fade slowly on and off While I was outside in the country part of town stargazing cause stars are more visible away from the town lights.  I seen 3 red fireball lights.  2 was close together and the third was further out, almost made a triangle shape.  As one light would fade off slowly the second close one would appear and then slowly fade.   Then it is unable to be seen for a minute and would appear again a little across the sky.  Appeared very low cause lights were a third brightness of the moon.   Very weird and exciting.  I will be looking at same time tomorrow."
"Greenish white light full size of moon shape. Speeds off shooting off like a Rocket, and disappeared... Heading home, we where in our car, we saw a moon shaped greenish white light, full-size of a moon close up.  Facing us while driving seeing its full circle shape.  And glowing light. Following us actually it was moving faster then our car.   Then after a few seconds, it speeded up and shot off like a rocket.  Almost like a rocket would do when you shoot it from the ground but this was in mid air, going straight not shooting up like a rocket would do.  When It shot off, there was a trail of light; it was no longer as big as a moon.   And we saw something smaller but black shoot faster out of the light and then it disappeared.   Not sure what that was but we can not think of anything else beside a possible ufo explanation."
"Numerous sightings day after day right over my house. I live just about one mile west of Crawfordsville,Indiana.  Starting about a week and a half ago I started seeing these craft over our house.  They are extremely hard to see and seem to have the ability to make theirselves look like the background behind them.  Occasionaly I can see a faint small blue-green light on them.  I can see a vapor coming off of them and sonmetimes when they move I can see very faint white lights.  The military obviously knows they are up there, because they are constantly flying right through the area where they are.  If your organization has any connections with investigators they need to come out here and see this for themselves."
"Star like sphere in the middle of the clear blue afternoon sky.... I was lying by the pool in the backyard around 2:00  in the afternoon.  I saw a sphere in the northeast sky hovering in one place.  It looked like a star in the bright blue sky.  I watched as this sphere changed shape and morphed into two spheres.  One moved to the right and then rejoined the original one.  My friend was with me and witnessed this event also.  I grabbed my camera and shot these photos \u2013 if you zoom in you can see the sphere (definitely not a star or any other type of aircraft that I know of) and in the last photo you can see the faint outline of the second sphere. Since this sighting, I was again in my backyard (in May) with a friend and we saw the same sphere, but, this time it moved at a very rapid speed from south to north and, as it moved, a small strobe-like light shot out from the side and moved away to the east.  As the sphere approached the same location as the last time I had seen it, it stopped abruptly, another sphere appeared and flew off very fast to the north.  The original one hovered there for some minutes and then just faded away. The feeling I get after having witnessed is frustration at not knowing what the hell I\u2019m looking at.  I hope we all find out something soon."
"Astronomical anomaly witnessed in Provo Utah. I was walking my dog at the condominium complex at approximately 22:25 where I live and saw in the eastern sky what appeared to be a stationary star that started to glow with increasing intensity and brightness for 10 seconds then quickly faded until it was no longer seen amongst the other stars in the sky that night. I wonder if there were any telescopes that captured this anomaly in the eastern sky that evening? ((NUFORC Note:  Heavens-above.com indicates that no \"flare\" from an Iridium satellite should have been visible, at the time, and on the date indicated by the witness.  PD))"
"One appeared first at 1:20 am; hovered in place for about two minutes before heading north, was joined by a second light."
"Green light flashing then descending rapidly until out of site. \tDuring a walk around 11:40 pm I noticed a green light flashing in the sky.   I stopped to stare at the light and it appeared to be hovering in place.  The light then began to move to the left slightly still hovering.  The flashing of the light was at a constant rate similar to the flashing light of an aircraft at night.  The light began to move to the left again and the light disappeared.  The light then appeared again and the it hovered for a few seconds until the light started to descend rapidly.  After this the light was out of sight."
"14 flashing lights sets of twos in a row above revere beach sky Appeared to be 14 lights Mbe flashing in a row but in two's.  They were going pretty fast.  Definitely not planes we are near Logan Airport and see them 24/7.   We stopped the car to admire and take a picture and watched them pass.  Was extremely hard to focus on camera but was successful on getting two pictures!  I've never in my life have seen such a thing!  Amazed and confused!"
"3 fast moving lights in the shape of a triangle. At approximately 11pm on 07/11/2010 there were 5+ witnesses of some strange lights moving SSE in a fluid motion faster than any aircraft.  The lights were in a triangle shape and at first we thought it was a triangle shaped craft.  But when I pointed out the object to a few more people with my green laser pointer the lights split apart in different directions in a fast fluid like motion and then disappeared.  The lights were pale white and were not as bright as the stars, they were also not blinking and there was no sound.  Total time of viewing was approximately 8 seconds. About 3 minutes prior to these lights there was another strange bright white light heading east towards where those 3 lights were spotted, but it changed direction and headed in the same direction as those lights would eventually head.  This light was brighter than a star, it looked to be about as high as a plane but it was moving much slower than a plane and much much slower than the 3 lights that would follow.  Again, there were no flashing lights or sounds with this bright light either."
"Low, hovering, disk-shaped craft, with four solid purple lights. I was driving down the road to my house.  I witnessed a large and low hovering disk shaped craft with four purple lights along the bottom.  Craft was surrounded by a blue/purple haze. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"at least 4 kite-shaped bright, stationary objects over Portsmouth, RI I see at least 4 kite-shaped objects, as if they had a small tail, in the sky.  Not blinking, and not moving.  Some very bright, some smaller and less bright.  Looking with the naked eye, they appeared to be one (star) color; then with binoculars, they seem to be mostly star colored, but with 3 or 4 bright yellowish-orangey orbs on their lower portions.   Friends feel they are not stars because they are not blinking, and not satellites because they are not moving.  I had only seen one at first, and the other people who saw it thought it might be a planet, but the shape is like a diamond/kite pattern, so doesn't look like a planet to me.   We are all lay-observers, but often look at the night sky as we are on boats in a marina, with few lights disturbing the view."
"Seen a neon green light behind a funnel-shaped cloud accompanied by a humming/buzzing sound. My boyfriend and I were watching the meteor shower and throughout the night, I kept seeing a flash of light at the corner of my vision, so I thought I had an issue with my eye or something.  At one point when I was facing in the exact direction of the light, I clearly seen a neon green flash of light and I asked my boyfriend if he had seen it and he did.  It was funny too because he also told me had kept seeing it at the corner of his eye as well and he thought it was something messed up with his vision/eye as well.   So, after we both realized this flash of light was legitmate, we both sat and stared in the direction of the light.  There was a wide tornado-shaped cloud above the mountain range in the distance but we had a clear view of this phenomenon.  The cloud kept lighting up neon green and at some points it would blink very fast and at other times it would go bright gradually and then dim down slowly.   Also, there was a strange humming or buzzing noise accompanying this incident.  It was very strange....we also started to hear coyotes crying/howling in the distance so we ended up leaving the spot we were at.  After hearing the coyotes, the light also went away.   It freaked us out pretty bad! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"My wife and I were driving back from Trader Joe's when she spotted some lights not moving, just hovering in mid air.I thought she was describing a searchlight that was hitting some clouds,and I told her whatever she was seeing was nothing,and certainly not a UFO.She pointed out,as we were leaving the 509,what she was really looking at.I told her it was just an airplane coming in for a landing,but then noticed it wasn't moving at all,was not at all shaped like a helicopter,and had an array of what looked like manmade landing lights.I don't know if this was seen by anyone else,I haven't found any other reports.It was a very large craft,and it bothers me that no one else has seen this or maybe it's just some kind of hovercraft from Boeing."
"Faint blue-grey object seen floating over Stonehenge Sept 25th 2006 I was driving from Salisbury, Wiltshire, Uk to a small town just North West of salisbury and over to my right was a very clear view of Stonehenge. Whenever I take that route I look over at Stonehenge because it is a lovely sight.  While looking at the view, a distinct downward puff of smoke developed over stonehenge, almost like it had been forced out of an exhaust pipe. Being an ex military man, I asked myself 'what the heck is the army firing anti-aircraft shells over a public area for?'. This thought occured to me as the Salisbury plains are a major military training area.  As I continued to watch a very faint outline of an egg-shaped vehicle appeared to hover above Stonehenge, emitting a faint blue-grey haze around it.  I am aware that clouds or smoke change shape as the wind or air currents affect it, but this shape remained constant and firm along its outer edges. Very faint signs of round windows or 'port-holes' appeared two thirds the way up the vehicle.  To be honest, it appeared and then disappeared so quickly that only something that could cloak itself could do what it did. At no point in time did it make any attempt to move away or accelerate.  I am a stable man, not prone to hype or hysteria and my military background has given me a keen eye for the hidden or unusual. I found the event quite unnerving to say the least."
"Abduction of myself and my child, age 5.  We were lucid dreaming and grabbed out of our solar plexus (stomach area)and ended up in front of a group of Grey Reticulans.  I watched them shape shift and one decided to appear before me, and pointed to my right ear.  my son was with me and saw it happen as well.  I was terrified, and started to quickly speak scripture.  I am not sure why I did that, but these beings dropped both of us as soon as I started to pray.   My son is harassed constantly.  I have had other occasions of being abducted, this was probably my 3rd abduction, his first.  However this was different, as I was able to get out of it by speaking psalms 23.  When I woke up, I was in a teepee shape in my bed...my back arched. I hit the bed so hard that I fell off the bed.  My son repeated our experience to a T, as he was with me.   I have also been taken with an ex marine whom has the same sun and moon sign as me, as well as a very similar natal chart.  These are d! emons.  There is nothing good in this situation.  I have connected it to CERN.  It has happened in August 3 times for me in my life, and it is only getting worse.  It happens around the retrograde.  There was also a violet flame light frequency.  Our electricity went out after that."
"Wonder it is a snow particle or a metal thing. We found the objects in the picture almost 2 and half months later when we were rearranging the pictures taken during Europe travel on early April. AT the first time when I saw the objects in the picture, I thought it was just dust or snow particle.  But when I enlarged it, I noticed it can be something else. Please identify what this is. ((NUFORC Note:  We have not received the photos, yet.  PD))"
"Triangle shaped object with 3 lights Low flying, triangular object.  Very loud.   Took about 10 seconds to fly over 2 acres.   3 lights, one on each corner and the tip.  Red and white flashing light directly in the center of the 3 lights.  (lights formed a triangle shape)"
"A brilliant orange light in the sky at 1AM. I was driving home when I noticed a bright orange light near the horizon of the western sky.  I live in the country, so it is not possible that the light could be from a city.  The light would grow brighter and larger in size, then would fade a bit and become smaller.   My cell phone camera was all I had on hand, and unfortunately it does not take great night shots."
"massive, rectangular-shaped craft with lights underneath On the night above, my friend and I were driving home after a high school basketball game. We saw a bright light off to the Northwest heading straight towards us at a slow rate of speed. I pulled the car over and we just watched. As it got closer, we started to get afraid.  As it flew about 2,000 feet overhead, we could see a large football field-sized rectangular object with white lights underneath.  I turned the car around to follow it and it accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and was gone within a few seconds towards the Southeast. I have NEVER seen anything like it before or since.  News reports the next day stated others had seen it and that it was a Russian satellite or booster rocket re-entering the atmosphere and crashed in the Gulf of Mexico.  I never believed that explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  We have amended the date above.  Possible hoax?  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Red fireball observed flying low in western Washington traveling west to east. As I was watching tv I noticed a strang pulsating red glow in the sky out the window.  I got up off the couch to look out the window thinking it must be the northern lights or something on fire.   As I looked up at the sky I could see that the clouds were pulsating red then a red fireball that looked something like a red flare was flying overhead.  It was flying from west to east below the clouds.   My house is at 1000 feet and I am guessing the clouds were at maybe 3000 feet.   It wasn't traveling very fast and I couldn't really tell if it was following a descending trajectory."
"blinking satellite type objects I always look at the sky.  In the last week, I have observed this twice (all info same for both).  Objects which appeared to be satellites but moving slower, appeared to be approximately same altitude as a satellite.   The strange observation is both moving slower than a typical satellite, from west to east.  These things would light up (not sure if reflection or their own light) every 5 to 14 seconds, no specific sequence.  They both would dim to the point where you couldn't see them and then they would light up for a second or two (not flash).  The amount of light would be different each time from rather dim to very brilliant and they didn't appear to be beacons on and aircraft.   No clouds in the sky and was still pretty dark.  I'm not saying these are UFOs but it would be nice to get some feed back.  No sound from either.  Main question is, what would cause a satellite to be very dim and then become so brilliant all the way across the sky, in intervals anywhere from 5 to 14 seconds?"
"Cigar shaped craft hovering over swimming pool, March 1963, 02:00-03:00, slits along edge of hull of craft  In March of 1963,at approximately 02:00-03:00, a glowing cigar shaped object, hovering 20' above swimming pool was observed.  The craft could be described as cigar shaped, or a disk viewed edge on. There were \"port holes,\" or narrow rectangular slits along the edge of the hull of the craft.  These slits were darker than the rest of the craft.  Object accelerated at incredible speed to the north. Gave the appearance of a streak that of a flashlight moved rapidly in the dark. It hovered no more than 5 minutes. Witness was initially asleep, but was awoken by the intense light.  Witness said that the craft could have been hovering over pool for some time before being awoken. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright motionless chevron shaped light and two orange orbs. I was driving to a job site during the early morning hours of September 28, 2007.  I was traveling west on California Highway 20 when my attention was drawn to a bright light approximately 45 degrees above the horizon.  The bright light was positioned to the south of my location.  My first thought was the light was the sunlight reflecting off a high flying jet as the sunrise had not yet occured.  However, it soon became apparent the light was not moving.  I then pulled off the road and noted two other cars parked with the occupants of these cars looking toward the light.  The light appeared bright and had the shape of a chevron or \"V\" shape.  Directly below and to the left of the light(southeast of my position)  were two small orange orbs.  The height of the light and the orbs could not be determined but it was above the broken cloud cover.  I observe the light to remain motionless for approximaely 5 minutes.  It then rotated slighly and exposed a diffused red light on what appeared to be the rear area of the craft.  I continued to observe the light for an additional 5 minutes before leaving.  The two other cars and their occupants had left prior to my departure. I continued to observe the light as I drove towards my job site only loosing site of it when I arrived at the job site.  The surrounding mountains prevented viewing the light from my job site location. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD))"
"Grey disk flying over Hickam AFB. I was walking from my car to my dorm room on Hickam AFB.  It was a sunny day not a cloud was in the sky.   I happened to look up at an airplane that was maybe 20000 to 30000 feet in the air traveling west to east.  A few moments later while still looking at the airplane, I noticed a disk shaped object traveling perpendicular to the airplane, but at a much lower altitude, perhaps 800 to 1500 feet.   This object passed almost directly overhead and moved in a straight line and level altitude.  My guess is this object was 10 to 20 feet in diameter and grey in color.   I observed this object for maybe 20 seconds before walking inside the dormitory.   I must admit becoming a little scared.   When I returned from lunch I told my supervisor what I saw, he speculated the object was a low altitude satellite. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We doubt that a \"low altitude satellite\" would be visible during daylight.  We disagree with the assessment apparently made by the supervisor.  PD))"
"Strange fireball has been crashed in the Caspian Sea. At 5:00 am, many fisheries of Mazandaran province in north of Iran saw the fireball object which has crashed in the Caspian sea it was not airplane, helicopter or recreational aircraft as air force and everyone denied the flying of them at that hour. Today, from morning, the army has been closed the beach. I emphasize, it seems it was not airplane. End of report."
"Huge fireball in Phoenix turns into two orbs that float and tumble to the ground On October 12, my family and I were hiking North Mountain in Phoenix, AZ at 6:55pm. On our descent, I saw out of the corner of my eye a bight flash, and I dismissed it as lightning. Ten to 20 seconds later, I looked left, and due West, I saw a fireball in the sky.  Not a small meteor with a smoke trail (I've seen those too) -  This was fully on fire, and huge, much like a movie set. Once it hit the clouds, it blinked out.  Three seconds later, two very bright and disticnt orbs started free falling to earth from the spot that the metoer dissapeared, only not straight down.  It took 4 mins for them to reach the surface, after going this way and that, pausing, and circling down to the ground.  It was like the two orbs were dancing with each other on the way down. I've seen some pretty weird things in my life, but this was the most life-changing event of them all."
"Nine small balls of light with tails in arrow formation. These were flying horizontally across the sky.  There color was greenish orange.  They stayed in a uniform formation, although it was obvious that they each were separate entities.  They flew horizontally and then suddenly ramped upward and climbed until they simply and suddenly disappeared.  They appeared to be traveling extremely fast.  They completely cover the entire sky from horizon to horizon in seconds."
"Three red lights seen appearing disappearing,  and reappearing again in Burton,  MI Sunday night 6-10-2012 @ 10:30-11:00 pm,  1-475 & Bristol road area,  Burton, Michigan. Three red lights, two above one another and the third off to the right. All 3 left,  then two appeared, then one would leave, come back, then one would leave again. Only saw all 3 of them once, two of them twice, one remaining then all disappeared. They would appear from the north and leave to the north east. Watched them for approximately. 20 to 30 minutes,  then no further sightings. Also, they would change color from red to white then back to red,  longest time was spent with the red color."
"In July 1993, I saw a \"light\" in the western part of the sky in my county.   Let me tell you about me; I was a police officer on In July 1993, I saw a \"light \" in the western part of the sky in my county.  Let me tell you about me; I was a police officer on duty that night & worked my way up to Councilman, Chief of police, then Mayor & retired.  I went to the southern part of town to a Ballfield (which is in a flood zone).  I put my spot light on the object in the sky & flashed my spot light on it several times & the object stopped moving.  I flashed my spot light 3 times in a row.  The object started to move towards me & made no sound what so ever.   I left my police car & positioned myself in the woods.  The object came down over the \"ballfield\" & I said to myself, \"How large it was (circle type)?\"   It was very humid that night & the object was very huge & covered the ballfield.  It did not ground & a light came on & I saw three human type persons dressed all in white.  There was no sound coming from it all.  It hovered for about 2 or 3 minutes & the light from inside the craft went off & the object went straight up into the sky..   I never told anyone about this for fear of being fired & made fun of.  I thought I would share my expierence with you, knowing you would not laugh at me!If you would like to contact me you may.  My email I ((address deleted)), or phone me at 724 ((telephone # deleted)).   Thank you for listening to what I saw that night.  Everything is still clear in my mind\u2026  Thanks again....((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"One white light with few red lights moving very slowly then disappearing fast in the sky I was jogging around my neighborhood around 10:30 PM when from the corner of my eye I saw a white light moving very slowly.  I turned my head to look up at the light and saw that there were an equal amount of red lights on each side, but I can\u2019t remember exactly how many there were.   When I had turned my head to look, the lights stopped moving and the white lights shined in my direction.   The only way I can think to explain the white light is that it turned to me as if someone was looking at me.  After it shined at me, the lights went up into the air and disappeared.   This all happened in like 8 seconds."
"well it might be a bit long. On that they offcourse it was April fools that is the main reason why nobody believes me, well i went outside to go check on my dogs. I took them out and we sat on the wall of the other house since the houses are so close. Well we sat there for a couple of minutes when all of a sudden my dogs started to stare at the sky! I was very scared because they were so calm! I decided to see what they were seing so i looked at the sky ut didn't see anything but tried looking harder when i saw it it was very far, my first thought was maybe its a bag, but there was no wind i tried thinking what it can be then, it started to move back and forth then stop in mid air! At that moment i thought this is not a plane it can't be, after looking at it for 10 minutes it moved east very fast i ran inside to the front when i looked i could bearly se it. I decided to tell my sisters and my councelor who was working with us because we were going through rouge times. They didn't believe me! Nobody did becasuse they thought it was a joke i told them that i wouldn't lie about something like this. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of the event may be approximate.  PD))"
"Sphere with red and green lights hovering over Mesa Arizona. UFO seen hovering over northwest Mesa.  Red and green lights, spherical shape, moving sideways and straight up and down.  The object appeared to move closer to our location and then hovered in the sky for several minutes.   Our dogs were attracted to the object and seemed to watch it without making a sound.  We know there was one, possibly two objects in the sky.  We were frightened."
"Large extremely slow moving craft with red and white lights makes several low altitude passes over Rockford. A large chevron shaped aircraft passed slowly by at speeds too low for a winged craft and there were no rotor noises. The craft flew at an altitude of approximately 200-300 feet and had a jet engine sound but with a much lower amplitutude than a commercial or military jet. There were 2 lights pointing in the direction of flight, and the lights were inbound from the tips of the wing. There were 2 red lights flashing/pulsating on each side of the craft. The craft flew past about 100 feet in front of us and we watched it until it was lost in the horizon or tree tops. The craft circled around and made similar passes at least 5 times. It was cloudy and slightly foggy so it was impossible to make out any detail of the craft due to the diffusion or glare caused by its onboard lighting. I have seen the V-22 Osprey and this was definitely not one of them or any type of jet airplane that can hover or fly at low speeds that I've ever seen. It flew nearly overhead and h! ad absolutely no propellor or rotor noise. It sounded like a turbine driven craft.  During the last pass we heard a few smaller higher pitched turbine sounds emanating from the craft which sounded similar to mechanical adjustments being made, similar to when a jetliner sets it flaps. My estimate is that the size of the craft was in the neighborhood of  150 ft long by 200-250 ft wide, and the body/fuselage appeard to be somewhat bulky as if it could carry large cargo. We did manage to take pictures and will transfer them to the PC in the morning. My impression was that the craft was military and not extraterrestrial. I am a skydiver having over 100 jumps, including 2 jumps from a Boeing 727 jetliner, in addition to attending many Air Shows over the years as an aviation enthusiast. I also studied to become a private pilot and am very familiar with the many types of aircraft, the speeds at which they can fly, and their sound characteristics. This was like nothing I had ever seen or heard and the other 2 witnesses have the same opinion."
"bright object lands near forest We was driving south back towards Dixon in Maries County checking road conditions due to ongoing light snowfall and I witnessed a bright light moving from North to South that looked like a helicopter when i first witnessed it.  It then hovered for about 5 seconds then went straight down towards the ground out of my sight.   We proceeded on up the road to a hill top at which time we stopped the vehicle and got out and looked and from there you could see an object on the ground that had alot of bright light around it with a reddish light or glow on the top. This object was out in a field somewhat near the forest line.  From the distance we was from the object it was hard to get a good lookat the object other than to see there was a good deal of light around the object.   We was too far away to determine if there was anyone around the object but there was no noise to be heard from the location we stopped in. At that time we proceeded to continue our drive back into Dixon but the event occured over a period of about 4 minutes from the time i first spotted the object until the time we drove off. ((NUFORC Note:  Case has been forwarded to an experienced investigator for follow-up investigation.  PD))"
"5 glowing, pale green spheres in a chevron formation slowly flying north to south (Note: I am NOT sure of the exact date of this incident. It happened when I was an early teen, but I remember that I still didn't have my drivers licence yet (I got it at 15 years old). That narrows it down to 1976 to 1978. Sorry. It's the best I can do.  The month is also an estimate. I remember it being a moonless warm night.)  My friend and I were about 14 and 17 respectively and on a clear night we were outside in his back yard looking through his telescope.  To our north, we saw five pale green spherical lights that were in a chevron pattern traveling due south at about 100 MPH, or less (estimate). At first, it seemed like lights outlining a single craft; but as they passed directly over our heads, we could clearly make out stars in between the \"Spheres\" of light. We realized that we were looking at 5 separate craft.  We were both (and still are) aviation fanatics. Both were taking flying/glider lessons and I was a later a member of the Civil Air Patrol. These spheres made no sound, had no exhaust traces or trails. They were not aircraft of any kind as we knew them. To estimate their size, I would say that if you held up a baseball at arms length, it would approximate their size (each) to the eye.  My friends yard is on the highest hill in the area. So, as they passed south of us, we could get a better estimate of size/altitude. It was late night so this is still very much an estimate: They were about 50-60 feet in diameter each. They were about 50 feet apart and were about 600 to 800 feet in the air.  As they passed over the next neighborhood south of us, one of the spheres lit an incredibly white light. It first pointed out to the right (east), then immediately aimed (snapped)down at something on the ground. We were astonished! As we watched, the spheres continued to travel south and the beam stayed \"locked\" on whatever it was it was being aimed at. That is to say, the beam stayed \"locked\" on one position on the ground as the spheres continued to move away. We could see it (the light) changing angle and broadening as they (the spheres) got further away. It (the light)then snapped off as fast as it had came on.  Within 2 minutes, they had passed below the horizon/tree line to our south and we lost sight of them. Then all hell broke loose. 2 F-4 Phantom fighters came screaming in from the Gulf of Mexico just to the south of us and we heard a double sonic boom. The following few days had various reports in the St. Pete Times about jets going after an unidentified \"small aircraft\", people seeing strange lights in the sky along the coast and the windows in a Grants Department Store in New Port Richey, Florida had its front windows blown out by the sonic booms.  My friend called Macdill AFB the next day, which is a TAC base and asked about the goings on. He was told by a gentleman on the phone that the jets came from Tyndall AFB in Panama City. When asked why from so far away when we had the same jets at Macdill, his reply was something to the effect of: \"We just wanted to get there the fastest, with the mostest.\" He gave no further help.  These booms also caused a crack in my friends ceiling that remains to this day. I've searched the St. Pete Times archives and can find nothing about the windows being blown out, or the sightings up and down the west coast that night, but I distinctly remember these events and the \"shaken\" locals of my (then) small seaside town. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangular shaped object flying erratically yet fluid in the sky. I was walking out the house with my grandma and i saw in the sky towards the hills \"skyline\" a strange light or lights the color of tourquise and green flying eratically yet in a fluid motion.  We watched for a few minutes in amazment because it was so high up in the sky and moved so fast. We then called my aunt and it was still flying all over the place then we saw i plane fly towards it and the weird object started following it in a straight line and just as fast.  It finally stopped and went backwards but slower this time.  It floated around some more then it almost seemed like it flipped sides and looked like a regular star in the sky and dropped and it was out of vision.  My aunt and i stood outside for about ten minutes after that but we saw nothing.  I have to say i have never believed in ufos and never in my life thought something would come to earth and ive even had arguments with my boyfriend over the subject but this was something i just couldnt explain and it was amazing.  And im also very sorry for the poor writing but im a little shaken up at the moment."
"Large charcoal black blur reflecting moon rays.  Blinking orange light on jet pursuing minutes behind. My friend and I were walking to my car when he notices a very large charcoal black blur moving faster then any plane I've ever witnessed cross the clear night sky,  the craft made zero noise but we could clearly see the moon's reflection off the top of the enormous craft before it was gone.   5 mins later In the distance there was a blinking orange light that was circling around a large area, then seemed to change course and follow the same direction as the other object but at half the speed and medium low altitude, we could hear the Jet's engine roaring the sky as it passed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Slowly moved across the sky from west to east over SE Portland.  Bright light, which was clearly visible (as bright or brighter than the brightest stars in the sky at the time).   Object had the same speed as a low-level aircraft, but no navigation lights, and the objects brightness stayed constant as it passed overhead and far to the east of observation point.   When still well above the horizon, but miles from the observation point, the object started to dim fairly quickly, then disappeared (this was ~5 minutes after first sighting the object to the west and travelling over my house).  Suspect it was a meteor, but\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a sighting of the ISS.  PD))"
"While out in my backyard with my dogs at above time I hear the unmistakeable 'jet-like' roar..  EXTREMELY loud sound..of craft that have passed my skies in previous years, as reported by me herein.  This engine 'roar' is unlike conventional jets, military or otherwise.    The sound was so loud as they approached from the SE (which would be from the Atlantic ocean side) that it seemed they would come right over my house by a few hundred feet...not thousands of feet, as they did.   I looked up to see three, black, triangular craft racing toward the NW at about 15,000 feet.  The three craft were about the size of my pinkie finger nail at arm's reach.  The amazing thing about these 3 craft, other than their deep, bass, loudness, was the fact that they were perfectly spaced from each other across..not forward to back.   The 3 were identical in shape and color..no after-burner or smoke of any kind...but perfectly spaced, both horizontally and vertically from each other, by, perhaps a mile or so.  Only the Navy's Blue Angels could come close to this juxtaposition, I believe.  The sound was the same as in past years as was the direction of travel..SE to NW.  Their first appearance, as I've reported previously, was very dramatic at rooftop level flight, and doing acrobatic maneuvers not consistent with conventional jets..their lighting was totally different as well.  Since that first encounter, about this time of year 3 or maybe 4 years ago, their appearances have been at much higher altitudes and their plane of travel has been perfectly straight and level.  I saw no lights from these craft today, but have in the past, at night, as one simple large blinking red light underneath each one.  My first sighting of these craft, as mentioned, involved multi lights on each craft, going from all white to all red and back to all white..very strange.  I don't know what these craft are but they are NOT conventional jet military aircraft.  This is continuing and very odd.  This is the fourth encounter of these craft here over the past four years."
"Large stationary, very bright light that changed shape and color. On 6/15/07 at approx 2145, observed large, very bright light in stationary position due west of Felton, CA.  Remained stationary for extended period, and was approx 60 degrees off horizon.  Was much larger than nearby stars, and was larger on top than on bottom.  Object appeared to be changing shape occasionally, and flashes of red and blue were observed by 3 witnesses, including a long time Fire Capt and another 911 Dispatcher.  When viewed through binoculars, object appeared to be horse-shoe shaped, or U-shaped.   Reported object to National Search & Rescue Center in Florida. After approx. 30 min of observation, object was no longer visible from location.  Venus??"
"A big, black, round, & spinning UFO with a WAVY EDGE slowly moving across the sky in a straight line in Japan. It was probably the fall of 1976.  I was 11 years old living in Japan by the Sagami bay in the city of Fujisawa in Kanagawa prefecture, about 10 minutes from the beach by walking.  (I am half Japanese, half American, currently living in America.)   It was in the afternoon, probably around 16:00.  I was at the living room of my house, feeling dull.  I got the inclination to go to the back yard and breathe some fresh air.  So I did and looked up at the clear sky.  The UFO was slowing moving in a straight line in the direction of the ocean.  The direction was south west or south south west.  It was about 90 degrees above the ground (I looked right up at the sky).  There was no sound.   The object was pitch BLACK, no shine; a \"mat finish.\"   Its apparent size was that of a FULL MOON, so it was quite big.  The shape was unique and unusual.  It was like a dinner plate with a WAVY EDGE.  Imagine a sine wave with eight to ten cycles and make it into a circle/loop.  And the object was SPINNING fairly quickly.  I observed it until I could no longer see it.  The timing of my sighting was impeccable.  I went to my back yard at the perfect moment.   In hindsight, I wonder if I was telepathically called me to come out of the house.  (Just a speculation.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright flashs over South St. Paul, staying in one spot for over 5 minutes light brighter than strobe craft or aircraft over 50ft long then vanished was not an Aircraft from the St. Paul Airport or Military Air Wing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Saw a dark object with greenish glow fly across the hills of kentucky. Me and some buddies were playing football outside at and old school, now a community center. Well anyway I ran out to the side of the field and caught the ball, while running hard I noticed an object floating in the dark night sky. I dropped the ball immediatly and yelled \"look!\" All my friends were amazed to see there was a circle shaped object in the sky. It looked like a dark color but had a green glow to it. It was just floating right above the hill. We watched it maybe 20 seconds before it slowly dropped to the tre line atop the hill. the quickly shot across the trees and was out of our site in less than 3 seconds. It was maybe 50-100 foot long. I told my mom about it the next day and she said there were 3 people from around the area call into to WYMT, the local news station and tell the weatherman what had happen. He said he would research it and get back to us. The night after the sighting the weatherman had said it had nothing to do with weather he don't know what is was. Now I am 15 years old and take stuff like this serious. I used to not believe in Ufos because the bible says nothing about it. But the bible doesn't say there are none either. I truly believe something is out there and I don't know what it is. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I was getting ready to go to bed and my dog started whining.  I look outside and saw a huge orangeish red fiery light.  I got pics and video."
"Two oranges spheres traveling in a single path. There was no noise.  The spheres remained the exact distance apart while traveling one behind the other. They were visible for about 10 minutes, then disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Light reflecting off of circular see-through craft. We were sitting by the water and I looked at the tree line.  The was a bright light.  Thought it was a light reflecting off of an airplane so I told my friend to look.  The light reflected off of a see-through circular object and then it completely disappeared.   It was a perfectly clear day, no clouds.  There was no airplane in the area we saw the light.  The object was hovering above the tree line, circular and fairly large.  We could only see light reflecting, other than that it looked like the sky.   We stayed in the area longer hoping to see it again but we never did."
"Orange object that changed directions and colors. This is the second time my wife and I saw this object.  We saw it a few nights ago but I didn't have my phone on me.   Tonight, I got a pic and a 2 minute video of the object.  The object was orange in color and changed to red. It glowed bright. It came from the east.    The object stopped in mid flight.  It then moved slightly left and right before going backwards and northeast."
"Orange lights moving from west to east.  About 20 or 25 do them in no reticular formation they just found each other in the same direction not getting out of line at all they seem to be about a hundred feet above treetops.  they stretched out for probably a half a mile to a mile in the sky as they passed over my house they started going up higer in the air and disappeared one at a time.  There was never any sound at all none whatsoever.   I do have a picture on my phone"
"4 triangles of light flying in a line near Route 476. Me and a few friends were driving home after taking a trip to Scranton, PA, and while I was looking out the window, I saw a line of three bright lights traveling extremely slow across the sky.  I pointed them out to my boyfriend, and he noticed a 4th a bit to the right.   We watched them as they slowly progressed though the sky.  They seemed to be lower then most planes would be.  When one finally flew over head it looked like a triangle of light.  We ended up losing sight of all of them after going through a tunnel.  It was weird because there were planes flying over us that night, but they moved at a normal speed and were much farther up then these lights."
"My two friends and I saw a triangular formation of lights in the sky and when we went to video tape them, they simply disappeared. At 2:00 a.m. on April 9, 2009, my two friends and I were leaving to pick up another friends when one of my friends noticed a weird formation of lights in the sky. He said that he had never seen them before and asked us if we had.  We said that we hadn't.  The 6 or 7 lights appeared to be moving slowly, but staying in the same general area.  We all took out our cell phones to videotape the lights, but they disappeared before we could get zoomed in.  The lights simply \"turned off\". The lights were too high in the sky to be from a building or tower and they moved too much. For the next few days, I searched the internet for similar sightings and found this website where there was a video of the exact same formation of lights."
"Bright Flash that went toward the ground toward Lake Macintosh. Outside looking at the moon through telescope when we saw a slow moving light moving South to North.  As we watched it the whole light flashed bright.   A few seconds later a bright light flashed and fell from a triangular craft which we only could see because of the flash"
"2 blue lights in the Sky East of Phoenix July 3, 2018 Two Blue lights appearing in the low sky East of phoenix (From Scottsdale they were in the direction of Mesa).  Both lights blinked and moved around each other in a circular pattern.   They remained in that general direction for 1.5 hours.  They appeared to have bursts of light a couple times. They were pointed out to us by a neighbor.  We had company at our house and we all went outside to witness.  We took photos and a video. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Daytime sighting of a \"Chariot\" shaped object over San Diego CA. Daytime  sighting (6:40 am Sunday morning) of a 30' craft that had a \u201cChariot\u201d appearance with \u201cstacked silver-gold compartments\u201d hovering about 250 feet above the center divide of highway 5 in San Diego.  At first I thought it might be a traffic helicopter or a loose kite which had drifted away from its owner about 5 miles south of Mission Bay.   But as we approached the object, it was absolutely still as my wife and I drove underneath it, in our SUV. We had an extremely clear visual observance of the craft which made no sound at all. My wife remarked that it \u201cmight be a drone of some sort\u201d.  This was not a helicopter, kite, nor a \u201cdrone\u201d.   Oddly, the sky was just beginning to clear from a fog bank, and we had just passed the SD airport which still was engulfed in a layer of fog.  It didn't make sense for someone to be flying a kite in the fog at 6:40 in the morning nor a helicopter being in the sky with that much fog and being so low to the ground.  My Cruise ! control no longer functioned properly - it worked the day before.  Right after the encounter, I glanced back at our dog that we had in a cage in the back seat - she seemed a little restless and when I turned around to look at her - her left eye looked strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Yellow to Red lights floating in formation over Alamo, TN. While driving home, I saw lights in formation that moved slowly and changed shape and formation.    The lights were golden (like candlelight) that would change to red.   Looked as though it was spinning.   Video obtained on my I phone. ((NUFORC Note:  We have changed the time above, to reflect an evening sighting.  PD))"
"Blue and Red lights flying erratically in the air over Tantalus I'm a Security Officer, and have been working Security for 6 years now. It happened while I was on duty and preparing to do my last patrol of the shift before ending. At approximately 0025hrs(12:25am), I observed a blue and red light flying over the Ko'olau Mountains near Tantalus/roundtop drive.  My first thought was that it was a plane coming over the mountain, but I quickly ruled that out when it changed course, moving slightly to my left.  It was much to sudden to be a plane, so the next thing I thought was a helicopter, which was quickly ruled out soon after when I observed the lights make a sudden change and begun to fly in a zig zagging kind of path in the sky, and not to mention that there was no sound of helicopter blades chopping through the air at all. Upon that sudden course of action it conducted I was most certainly interested now.  I continued to monitor the lights and even repositioned myself on the property to try to get a better view and continue to observe it's strange and erratic movements.  It then proceeded to appear to descend towards the ground where I could no longer observe as my vision was obstructed by trees and structures.  It's movements were like someone pointing a laser pointer and moving it all over the place except much more controlled and not as fast, but faster and able to do things that a plane or helicopter could do. Shortly there after it's descent out of my view, my Supervisor shows up at my site to check up on me as usual during my shift, and almost soon after he arrived the thing shot back into the air and proceeded to fly erratically as before, I quickly pointed it out and even he was baffled by it and we both continued to watch it until it descended again to the ground where we couldn't see.  My Supervisor is a former U.S. Marine and he said he had never seen any aircraft do things like that, not even a remote controlled device. I know what I was thinking when we watched it, but I waited to hear him say it first. \"I think we just observed an Unidentified Flying Object\".  We ruled out cars that might have been on the road on the mountain as we both saw the object fly high enough that we could see there was space between the outline of the mountain and the lights, so it was definitely in the air. We saw it shoot straight up suddenly and we thought it was gonna zip away, but it hovered for about 5 seconds before shooting back down towards the ground where we couldn't see it.  And that was the last we saw it. Immediately after my shift at 0100hrs I got in my car and drove up to the Military Cemetary at Punch bowl to try to get a better view. Once up there I saw a group of 4 young people hanging out overlooking the area where my workplace is and so I asked them if they saw it, if they saw the lights. One of them, a girl, admitted to seeing a red light shoot up from the corner of her eye not long before I arrived.  And that was the last time I saw it, I waited for about 15 minutes more to see if it would return, but it didn't."
"A friend and I were watching for satellites tonight, when I noticed 5 dimly lit orange lights shaped in a triangular formation soaring across the sky heading northwest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"it was coming in and out of focus but i couls see it moving in many different directions,,,we dont have craft that move like that,,,looked like a star but changed colour from green to red to white and is now gone as if it just disappeared,,,,long time ago i saw 1 red orb and 2 green ones,,,the green bones moved soooooooooo fast while the red moved very slow ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate time.  We have assigned an arbitrary time.  PD))"
"The shape is what cought our attention I am a retired aircraft mechanic and have never seen anything like this before. This craft did nothing unusual, no sharp turns, no fantastic speed, flying east to west.  There was only one craft.  The craft was triangle shape with bright lights.  This picture was taken on a clear day in July of '02 after it caught our attention during a family gathering.  Could you please let me know what it is. Thank You"
"Two circular lights over the western sky in the direction of the Wannaque  Reservoir.  The two lights would vanish for moments at a time and the lower one, (brighter than the other), would very gradually sway, almost unnoticeable.  Before disappearing, the bottom light split into two, which then chased each other 360' in a counterclockwise motion, then vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Jupiter in conjunction.  PD))"
"Bright, stationary, flickering orange light slowly dimming until no longer visible. On my way home from work, cloudy night so no starts in the sky.  A bright flickering light pretty high in the sky stood out due to it being cloudy.   It was flashing an orangish color, seemed stationary and then dimmed and vanished in place.   I was driving so I tried to continue looking in that direction, and it looked like faint sparkling in that area of the sky.  And I thought a saw two smaller orange lights lower to the horizon moving quickly towards where the main light was."
"Large bright stationary spherical object appearing to be with earth atmosphere about 45 degrees above horizon Driving SW on I-90 from Spokane Valley, Washington, I observed a very bright stationary spherical object in the SW sky for 3-4 min.  The object was moon-like in appearance minus the shadows, and was clearly in front of the thin layer of clouds and sunrays which were behind and above the object.   It was very bright, glowing, light gold with a very smooth surface -luminescent rather than metallic.  It appeared to be solid \u2013 light was not reflecting through it.  Size is difficult to guess, altho it seemed to be quite large and about a 45 degree angle above the horizon.   No clue as to distance or height, however, it was close enough to see details.   Outline of object was distinct with sky behind darker than object itself.  It remained stationary, but appeared to turn and change to a slightly faceted shape with what appeared to be two small triangular fins one above the other, protruding from behind.  The fins appeared to be of the same material and color.   As I continued driving SW toward the object, I saw a very small, very black spot which at first appeared and disappeared so I wasn\u2019t sure if I actually was seeing it.   The black spot appeared to expand until it was very clearly a rectangular shape located on the lower right quadrant (from my viewpoint).  It remained visible, but rectangular shape appeared to change to an hour glass shape.   The object remained stationary, but the descending sun made it more and more difficult to view.   At this point, the terrain obscured my view as I drove behind and up up a small hill.  At the top of the hill (about a minute later), I had full view of the SW sky and the object was gone."
"4 orange red fireballs hovered in front of Big Mountain and 3 hovered in a triangle formation over the mountain I was leaving a city park and looked up at Big Mountain and saw 7 orange/red fireballs.  Four of them were in a straight line up and down in front of the mountain. At the top of the mountain three were in a triangle formation.  They weren't moving at first,  So I watched for a few minutes trying to figure out what they were and then they started moving.  The triangle moved first.  All three objects moved together as if one.  Then the line began to move up towards the top of the ridge and then as a unit they began to move away.  I moved in to traffic, trying to keep an eye on them and when I got to the viaduct they were all gone."
"Unknown object floating across a city airspace Last night shortly after 9PM EST, I was standing by the kitchen window. And as always I look out to check the sky condition. The window has a csoutherly view and I can easily see the zodiak and I like to check the sky condition and watch the planets traverse across my view.  The sky last night was a broken layer of this stratocumulus ans, as usual, the city haize cast an eirie glow on the clouds. Then I seen what I thought was an aircraft loosing aititude in preparation for the final landing approach to the city's larger passenger airport or so I thought.  But the aircraft did not look normal, first of all the city haise illuminated the object as it slowly moved acrost my view. It had a, sort of, saucer appearance, a scetch will be sent in conjunction to this report.  The object appeared a grey color similiar to how the clouds looked. I seen what looked like three round windows on the \"side.\" I will estimate the angular height of about two and a half clemched fists, at arms length, and the widest portion of the object was from a half to one full thumbs width.  Next I seen no navigation lights or landing lights which I normally see on aircraft of any size at night. I watch the object for a few minutes and resumed my business as I pordered what I saw. It was then that I decided that what I seen was no airplane but instead it was an artifact that was made here on earth or somewhere else in the cosmos by an intelligence that we cnnot comprehend althought we try.  I have been an amateur astronomer for about sixty years now and I typically see lights in the sky that I cannot explain using out technology so I basically ignore them but this time I got a physical outline to study. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded very sincere, and sober-minded, to us.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness.  PD))"
"Very bright, stationary, red light, which pulsed on and off slowly. WITNESS: Commercial pilot for over 30 years. After repeated communications I deem this witness highly credible. The description of the event and the responses to follow-up questions were consistent and articulate. The witness is cautious in drawing conclusions. The witness also has been employed in the past by agencies where expertise and integrity would be required. The witness expressed reasonable concern about reporting this event due to professional standing, but believed what was observed was so far out of the ordinary it needed to be compared to other reports. TIME/DATE:  April 16, 2007 at 2130 hours (Pacific Daylight Saving Time). (Sunset occurred at 1903 hours according to the Naval Observatory Table.)   LOCATION: My house is about 70 ft above sea level and I overlook the Fidalgo Bay Marina. I live in Anacortes, Washington and my house is on top of a hill looking south towards Whidbey NAS. Whidbey NAS is approximately 6 miles straight line from my house and is SSE. My view towards the south is mostly unobstructed but there area few trees that block 20% of the view. METHOD OF OBSERVATION: Miyauchi 77x30 astronomical binoculars. The optics have excellent color correction and are high quality. They were mounted on a tripod during this event. DIRECTION OF OBSERVATION:  I saw some aircraft lights departing the Whidbey NAS so I pointed my binoculars south to watch the aircraft. The NAS is approximately 6 miles from my house and is SSE from my point of observation. OBJECT: It had a very large and very bright red light that pulsated on and off slowly which is very different from an aircraft red rotating beacon or red strobe anti-collision light. The red light was on top of a dimmer but large white light that was separated by some structure. The object was stationary and hovering and was absolutely still. I thought it might be a military helicopter but there where no red or green navigation lights. SIZE / DISTANCE: Witness could not estimate distance as I don't know the size of the object. (Rationale: Exact shape could not be discerned and thus, could not be estimated in comparison to known aircraft.) This also relates to one of my follow-up questions about whether or not the object was in restricted air space. The witness reports, \"I am not sure if the object was in fact in restricted airspace as I am was not able to determine the distance of the object.\u201d\"  DURATION: Witness observed the object for a few minutes. OBJECT FLIGHT MANEUEVERS: \"When I first spotted the object it appeared to be south and west from the NAS but. It slowly started moving in an east direction towards the NAS. But it was moving in a weird wave oscillation motion. It moved a few degrees to the left or east and then stopped. Then it sat motionless for maybe 30 seconds and then shot straight up. I can only guess that the altitude was very low when I first spotted it and was below 1000 feet. When it shot up it moved extremely fast and stopped. It could have covered a thousand feet in a second. But then it accelerated at an unbelievable rate to the east and covered several miles in 2 or 3 seconds and then stopped dead. It sat motionless again for a few seconds and then slowly moved off to the east and disappeared from sight.\" POSSIBLY RELATED RESPONSE: As the object slowly moved off, a fast moving aircraft depart the NAS moving west and then turned sharply left to the south, climbed to 1500 to 2000 feet and appeared to accelerate to the south towards where the object had disappeared from my view. I lost sight of that aircraft as well.  The aircraft may not have had anything to do with the object but thought it was strange. Submitted by: James E Clarkson State Section Director Mutual UFO Network Olympia, WA olymufon@comcast.net ((NUFORC Note:  We share our sincere gratitude to James E. Clarkson, MUFON SSD, Olympia, WA, for sharing this report with NUFORC.  PD))"
"3 small Strobing craft flew over PP&L building at great speed and headed over south mountain out of eye sight I saw 3 small crafts about 50-100ft across with amazing speed fly over the PP&L (Pennsylvania Power & Electric) building at about 1:34am with several changing strobing lights and then they headed over south mountain with great speed and dissapeared from eye sight ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Large white craft seen on 1-70W during morning traffic On Saturday, August 21, 2010, I was driving to Wheeling, WV to attend a wedding.  At around 10:45AM, while approaching Washington, PA on I-70W, a large object in the northern sky caught my attention.  Since there was a bit of traffic and I was driving relatively slowly, I was able to observe the object for approximately 45 seconds. The first instant I saw it, I thought it must have been a very large, low flying jet of some sort, but further observation ruled that out.  The object was long, thin, tapered at each end, with a somewhat thicker section in the middle of the craft. It was a solid white in color and was flying at about 8 inches (visually) above the treeline.  It was at least five inches long at arm's length from end to end, and maybe about an inch maximum from top to bottom at the thickest part. Again, it appeared to be very large.  I could see that it was definitely gliding toward my general direction at a steady speed.  I could not distinguish the exact! shape of the craft as I was looking at an approaching object dead-on. In my opinion, it was probably a large disk or chevron-shaped craft.  There was no sound and I saw no contrail. It was very startling due to the size and nature of the object.  It was unlike anything I am familiar with seeing in the sky.  I was unable to see where it went after I drove past it. I know for a fact that several other people had the chance to see this object, as there were many vehicles on the road at the time, the object was quite noticeable, and traffic was moving relatively slowly.  I'm extremely curious to see if another witness might read this report and come forward with their own account.  Perhaps someone at a different vantage point was able to get a better view of the shape of the object."
"Boomerang object spotted me and my fianc\u00e9 where in our front yard gazing at the half moon, I then spotted something move. thought it was the clouds, but it was moving fast.  I pointed at it to her to witness also, we both watched carefully.  The object made no noise and was huge.  The color was almost clear and parts of it was white.  It was in the shape on a boomerang. and for it to go across the sky to a disappearing point, took about 10 seconds.  I personally thought it was a person hand ((sic.  Hang.)) gliding.  But nah!!!  We both agree it was not."
"bright light then when I zoomed In after I took the pictures looks like three lights and four dark circles on the bottom w going to tin moved from side to side up and down very unusual flight pattern and moved fast had at first it had a haze to it but when later I zoomed in on the photos I noticed lights and some kind of dark shaped circle on the bottom"
"Three Orange triangle lights hoover over us and little lights come shooting out super fast Me and two friend were outside when we spotted a orange light in the sky it was triangle like shape.  We were freaking out wondering what it was because it was definitely not a plane!   We at first thought it was a satellite but then we seen another and another.  They moved at a medium speed two of them disappeared.   The other hovered over us and then three little lights came shooting out of super fast.   We took pictures of it and what came out was very strange looked just like a UFO!"
"All the ships were moving indepently and then they conected and then move at the same time We saw many ships, in the fist 45 min we saw these trinagle and dimond shaped ships about 5 or 6 of them moving back and forth rappedly, turning and moving to the east. there were these red and white flashing ships that were zig zagging and moving around other ships like that. it look like there were lights coming out of it to.there also were white dot ships that were doing the same thing and moving very fast. Next about an hour into it there were clouds moving to the east farly fast during this period i could see a few bigger triangle shaped ships and many small ones. Once the clouds move to the east fully clearing the sky and i could see these big dimond shaped ships, it looked like they were triangle shaped ships attaching to the bigger dimond shaped ones, and had small ones moving in and out of the main ship.  saw atleast 10 bigger ships moving tword one another, and then sundly the stop and all the ship started to move at the same speed at this time they were going back to the west. While this was going on the clouds stop moving to the east and started moving to the west.i could still fully see the ships moving to the west.there was a tringle ship that disengaged from the main one and then rotated counter clock wise and took off. the small ships were still what looked like going in and out of some thing. I could see the out line of a diomond ship didnt see much of it but the outline. so about an hour and a half into it there a cloud about to cover up but then stopped and some how was kinda moving in a circle. i saw these three black dots in the sky that went behind a small cloud and the the cloud fadded away. There was one of the small red and white flashing ones that was low enough that i could see the outline of it. it was a smaller circle one but it didnt go the full 360 it kinda looked like one of the ufos off of independce day. At one point when the clouds were over us  we saw this ship that looked like a glass circle going very fast through the sky. The reson why i think that they attached to one main one is that i could see perfect tringles and there all were moving at the same speed.  We saw many ships that would just take off and couldnt see nothing but a small light moving accross the whole sky. At the start of it they were not moving at the same speed they all were scattered and moving in weird ways with smaller ones zipping every where. the whole night i could not see any of the stars that are normaly here at this time and did not see the big dipper once."
"I was driving a couple of friends back from the Grand Canyon on highway 64 at about 7 pm in the evening.  This was May of 2003. My passenger, who has some knowledge of aviation matters, told me to look up at some strange lights to my left. (south/east over the Navajo Reservation)   I looked up and saw three bright lights smoothly moving across the landscape over a mountain range.  I stopped the car immediately on the side of the road and got out.  It was a very clear cold night and myself and my friend looked closer at these lights.  The other friend was trying to find a camera inside the car and missed most of it. The lights where flashing like a camera flash bulb going off, almost a blueish tinge to it, but the light was not regimental like a regular plane tail light and where much brighter.  They where moving very quickly and silently and it perfect formation, one slightly ahead of the other two.  Judging from other planes in the sky that night (I had time to compare) these lights where moving extremely fast but there was no sound.  Then they stopped in mid air and then the 'last two' changed from this flash to a beautiful round orange glow.  This slowly died away in brilliance and the sky returned to it's inky blackness.  There was never any sound at any time.   The other light kept on going, and then a few moments later a number of these orange circles appeared where the path of the flashing ceased to be.  They appeared one after the other and like the others, faded as the next one appeared a little further along the sky.  I counted 7 in all.  Then all was quite and silent.  We drove back to Flagstaff in silence. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"It was a dark circle with several exrememly bright, shiny, silver lines/beams emitting from the entire circle. It moved quickly from east to west and dipped ocassionally.  I didn't go outside to watch it once it was out of the range of my window. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"mini moon like light appeared and traveled partial across sky creating huge light path and left a huge green cloud before disappearing noticed a white round light appear in the sky.  I first thought it was the moon it was so bright.  I was on my patio and got up as my view was obscured by a tree.  I realized it was NOT the monn.  It was much smaller but just as bright as a full moon.  It appeared to travel in one direction then stop.  It created a huge beam of light that cast a huge V shaped beam behind it.  Then the light appeared to rotate and changed direction.  As it did the light beam began to recede and it appeared to leave a huge green cloud in its place.  This was viewed 20 minutes ago in the SW sky.  I'd guess it was 5+ miles out. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"black object that seemed to impode into a sphere and vanish, only to reappear in the same shape and move location Looking across Lake Michigan on the beach towards the light pollution of Chicago, almost complete cloudless sky was observed. A small area of black was observed approximately halfway between Chicago and the beach across the lake. Further observation showed that the object was denser than what was immediately thought to be a small black cloud in the otherwise cloudless night sky. The object was slanted about 30 degress from bottom right to upper left. The bottom of the craft was flat with sharper edges on the two bottom corners and the top was flat but a little more curving. The object was completely black with a small change of color going towards dark grey from top to bottom. The object was motionless and after several minutes of observation began to turn in on itself, implode into a small sphere and then vanished into nothing. The object then appeared to quickly return to its original shape. This happened again, and the second time it disappeared competely. About 5-10 minutes later, the object appeared again, although this time was above the shoreline towards the pier down the left side of the beach, a distance of about 50 miles from where it was originally seen. The object exhibited the exact same shape, no movement, although this time it was slightly closer to my viewpoint. It again imploded on its self, first forming a small black sphere and then vanishing, only to \"pop\" back out and reappear in its original shape. This happened several times before disappearing completely again. The object then returned again several minutes later, although this time much closer, and appearing larger. It retained the same shape, angle of the bottom, color etc. Around this time we decieded to leave to get a telescope to see it clearer as it began to faintly disappear again after several minutes of observation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 orange lights with red outlines, ~200ft in the air, lights formed a triangle, lights about the size of small cars. My girlfriend's mom called us on her way home from work saying she saw 3 bright rectangular orange lights with red outlines.   The lights were forming the shape of a triangle about 200 ft. in the air.   She said the lights were about the size of small cars. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Sat. evening 3/16 at 20:35 to 20:45, my boyfriend called me outside he was cleaning a litter box, we live where there are not alot of street lights it was cool clear beautiful evening.  He called me in from the house and we were looking up South west of our home and we saw these orange orbs going across sky from south to North in a straight line maybe half mile between each following, and then they would dissapear above us like going into the atmosphere and we couldn't see anymore and just then there would be 5 or 6 more then would do the same we thought oh this is finished and then from the south we would see another line of them. we have never seen anything like this before, what were they? we listened to hear if we there was a motor or any noise and we heard nothing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Planes or UFO's in East Texas? Was outside my house when I saw an aircraft moving very fast and going in many directions.  As it left over the horizon another aircraft came from below the horizon, maybe the ground and headed straight for the other aircraft and passed by it as it went out of site.  Then the second aircraft flew with great speed and had rotating lights (Blue, green, red, an white) that went faster than any airplane that I have witnessed.   After it went out of sight, two more aircraft came from the east and was also flying very low and at great speeds with the same rotating lights that were on the second aircraft.  Probably were planes, but nothing like I have seen before.  May have been military planes from Barksdale Air Force, but again nothing that I have seen moves that fast or can change directions that quick.  Weird night.   My 4 year old kept saying that aliens were coming and my wife and I laughed, but who knows. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was exiting Bruce, WI, when I noticed what looked like a meteorite falling to earth.  But, I had saw this same exact thing a little over a month ago also in same area.  It always looks like smoke from a jet, but it doesn't dissipate, it just moves along in a strange manner.  One second its in front of you, a few seconds later, it is behind you.  I did gets pics of it on my phone, and this time, I told 2 other people at a convienance store to step out and look.  They saw 2 objects as well."
"Reddish light moving in a zig zag pattern In my driveway facing S-SE, looking up higher than the position of Jupiter, the brightest object at the time, looking almost overhead S, I saw a bright, almost reddish light moving, sometimes almost in a zig zag pattern as it appeared to move higher.  Up, to almost over the top of my head as I\u2019m looking South. Kept \u201chopping\u201d not in a smooth movement but almost jumpy.  Weather balloon?  Watched for 3-5 minutes. Looked away then up again and lost sight.  Possibly more at the top (zenith) but if it was what I saw, and the same object, then it was fainter as though moving beyond view.  Didn\u2019t appear to move like normal aircraft and it was silent."
"High flying curving white orb. Looking out over my back yard to the east we noticed this curviture trail in the sky, it was an white orb pulling a 90 degree tuning north climbing exteremy high, abnormally fast.   Once it reached a point in the sky to the NW, it turned in another 90 degree angle back to the south.  We lost it in the clouds,  I have watched the sky's all my life I am 44 and I have no idea what that was... It was very high in the sky, higher then any airliners I have seen.  Pretty amazing to see!"
"UFO spotting in Nothern California Me and my friends were hanging out front of there home in Sonoma, Ca, as one of them spotted a unidentified flying object.  He wasn't thee only one that saw this object, a few of us did.  It was a perfectly clear warm night.  We know for sure that it wasn't an airplane,helicopter, or satellite.  What we saw looked like a Triangular object with more then a few very unnoticeable lights on the bottom, and made no noise.  This is the second time that we've seen this object, the last time was a few years ago heading in the same direction, north.   We saw it for a few seconds and lost sight as it continued north, over homes.  Please get back to me as soon as possible, thank you."
"Four reddish-orange lights traveling slowly across the sky in Cincinnati, OH On Halloween evening, my daughter, my neighbor and I were standing at the end of my driveway handing out candy to trick-or-treater\u2019s. As we were facing north, all three of us observed a line of 4 reddish-orange circular lights emerging slowly from behind the trees to the north. I saw what appeared to be a 5th reddish-orange light trailing the other four at a somewhat greater distance, but when the group of 4 emerged into our line of sight I no longer saw the 5th light. The 4 lights traveled as if they were attached by a string, that is, the distance between them did not vary at all as they moved. Perhaps this indicates that they were attached to a craft of some sort, but none was visible from where we stood.. The lights traveled very slowly, from right to left, across our line of sight in a westward direction. As they moved far to the left they dimmed and flickered out, one by one, until they all disappeared. I tried to take note of whether they passed behind a cloud; I don\u2019t think that was the case. Relative to the diameter of a full moon, the length of the formation appeared to be about 6 times that diameter. The angle above the horizon was approximately 55-60 degrees as best I can determine. Each of these \u201corbs\u201d was about 4 times larger than the brightest star I\u2019ve ever seen. None of us heard any sound from this craft, if that\u2019s what it was, but given the distance from us, one wouldn\u2019t likely hear any sound. My neighbor dismissed this whole thing, saying they were \u201cballoons\u201d, but that doesn\u2019t make sense. I\u2019ve been thinking about this and decided it\u2019s definitely out of the ordinary, so decided to report it. My daughter agrees."
"Three lights (blue, red, white) flying from SE to NW of Airdrie, spaced 2 minutes apart with no sound. Three lights, spaced about 2 minutes apart, heading from South east to north west of Airdrie.  First light was a sapphire blue, then the next was red, and the third was white.  Seemed to be airplane height, but no noise.  Lights crossed an airplane flight path with regular sighting of planes (every 10 min or so). Lights kept going, and didn't seem to hit the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"4, red, orenge, lights, in, the, sky, I was out side and look south in Meridian Idaho now 1st thought was that it was the military with red lights on helicopters now there was no sound.  I went back inside saying look Santa out delivering they came out saying how cool and all that I tried to take a photo or video but it did not show up. Then I tried calling my friend saying go out side and look at the lights but my phone was freezing up which I thought was strange I tried calling 3 times but no answer?  I tried text-ing him still nothing so I turned off my phone and rebooted it then called he picked up saying: Yeah I am out side but I am not seeing any lights.  I then looked into the sky the there was 3 lights in a triangle and the other one was fading out I then ran inside to find a better camera ran back out side and they where gone?  The lights where Red-ish Orange lights I don't know what they where just that when I looked away they seemed to move a great distance when i looked back when I realized what I might be seeing I that's when I tried to get a camera but sadly everyone that did saw what I  with me just say it was Santa this Christmas eve and that's where they wont to leave it I would have been with then if it was not for that triangle before they disappeared and they where gone without any lights of an aircraft leaving the area that's when I was like something up?!   So I got on the internet looking up red lights in the sky and there the same thing I saw so don't really know what I saw but there was something there who knows it might have been Santa this night and that's what everyone else thought it was Rudolph and Satan's sleigh with some help I'll leave it at that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Series of 14 to 20 yellowish flame lights. A series of 14 to 20 not evenly spaced light formations.  Emenating from the south horizon tracking Northeast, increasing in allitude to 1,200 feet.  Approx speed 35-50 miles an hour.  Color yellowish flame. An airplane flew underneath them at a faster rate.  All lights traveled the same pattern.  When the lights reached the Northeast sky they disappered. The lights did not resemble aircraft lites or landing lights.  The sky was slightly overcast with good visibilty.  With a cloud ceiling of 5,000 feet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Small Triangular object seen while flying at 9,000 feet over Grover Beach, California This sighting occurred in flight on 8 September 07 at approximately 1400 PDT in the area of Grover Beach/Arroyo Grande California. I was flying a single engine civilian aircraft on an IFR flight from Monterey California to Santa Barbara. We were southeast bound flying direct to the Gaviota VOR (a radio navigation beacon near Santa Barbara) at 9,000 feet. We were in visual meteorological conditions with clear skies and 30+ miles of visibility.  I really don\u2019t know how to describe what I saw. This wasn\u2019t a classic \u201cflying disc\u201d type UFO.  As I stated earlier, we were in cruise flight at 9,000 feet pretty much directly over the Grover Beach area when I noticed a small object or objects at about our 10-11 o\u2019clock position perhaps 300-500 feet below us and traveling in the opposite direction. It passed under the wing and I lost sight of it for a few seconds until it reappeared just behind the wing. I lost sight of it as it passed to about our 7 o\u2019clock position. I observed it for perhaps 15-20 seconds. Not long, I know. The first thing I want to emphasize in my description of this object(s) was that it was small. I would say no more than 5-10 feet across. At first, I thought I was looking at two birds flying close together.  There were two distinct \u201cbodies\u201d or shapes that were either attached to one another or flying in a very close echelon type formation. One object slightly behind and to the right of the other.  As it approached, I became unsure if I was looking at two separate objects flying close together or a single object. As I said before, this thing was small but as the object got closer, I thought the two separate bodies looked somewhat triangular or diamond shaped. What was really remarkable about the object though was its color. This thing was an amazing blue color. I find it difficult to describe the shade of blue but I would say it was slightly darker than a \u201csky\u201d blue but not much. The color is what really made me think I was looking at something artificial. It stood out against the generally brown/tan color of the ground but if you were below and looking up at it, it would have been very difficult to see.  A wayward kite? Some sort of remote controlled aircraft or UAV? Something else? I have no idea."
"May 28,2007 Springfield,Ma. around l:00 a.m. in the morning I COULD NOT SLEEP AND WENT DOWNSTAIRS TO GET SOMETHING TO DRINK AND I SAT AT THE KITCHEN TABLE AND WAS LOOKING OUT OF MY KITCHEN WINDOW IN THE DARK I LOOKED OUT TO THE WEST OF ME AND SAW TWO STRANGE LIGHT IN THE SKY THEY WERE CLOSE TOGETHER AND I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THAT BEFORE AND I HAVE LOOKED OUT THAT WINDOW ALOT IN THE PAST 20 YEARS I HAVE LIVED HERE. AS I WAS WATCHING THESE TWO OBJECTS I NOTICED THEY WERE COMMING CLOSER AND GETTING LARGER IN SIZE AS THEY APPROCHED FROM THE WEST DIRECTION COMEING EAST THE NEXT THING I NOTICED WAS A BEAM OF LIGHT IT WAS SO PURE WHITE AND ROUND IN SHAPE I WOULD ESTIMATE ABOUT 6 TO 7 INCHES IN DIA. AND AS I WAS WATCHING IT I COULD NOT SEEM TO MOVE BUT I COULD SEE IT COMMING RIGHT THROUGH MY KITCHEN WINDOW MOVING VERY SLOWLY I TRIED TO MOVE BUT I COULD NOT AND I COULD SEE IT COMMING RIGHT TO MY FOREHEAD I KNEW IT TOUCH ME AND IT DID NOT HURT AT ALL AND ALL I COULD FEEL WAS A VERY WARM SINCITATION.IT LASTED ABOUT 3 OR 4 SECONDS AND I COULD SEE IT DEPART AS SLOWLY AS IT CAME OFF MY FOREHEAD. AND I STILL COULD NOT MOVE AND THE ONLY THING I REMEMBER AFTER THAT IT WAS GONE, I FELT NO ILL FEELING AT ALL AND ALL I REMEMBER WAS GOING TO BED LIKE NOTHING HAD HAPPEN AND THE NEXT DAY I WOKE UP FEELING REFRESHED AND CARM AND I COULD REMEMBER EVERYTHIN THAT HAPPEN THE NIGHT BEFORE BUT IT DID NOT BOTHER ME  FOR WHAT HAPPEN. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Odd multishaped Orange Orbs Seen Over Western Washington- Cascade Foothills, North Sound, Snohomish County Intersection of Highway 92 and Grade Road.  While Traveling south on Grade Road towards downtown Lake Stevens, I observed 3 distinct orange orb like structures, ascending towards the North-North East.  These 3 objects were oval and large in size and each changed into larger cigar shape at the base, relative to the landscape horizon and was moving in a deliberate synchronous fashion in a slanted vertical organized formation.   The middle orb stopped in midflight, flashed red and white in a rotating pattern at the base of the orb for 10 seconds then vanished,  The pattern of light emitting from the orb as it stopped looked as if it was a double triangular array, one on top of the other.   The first orb followed and also vanished.  The last orb in the vertical line of ascension rapidly continued to ascend until out of site of the naked eye.   This event was witnessed under clear skies, and lasted approximately 30 seconds total in duration."
"Two redish orange balls hovered over northern sky then both disappeared. Friday, July 4th at around 10:30pm we noticed two red/orange balls of light in the northern sky over St. Petersburg,  FL.   They moved rather slowly for about 5 minutes then disappeared."
"What is the bright orange object, in Houston\u2019s western sky tonight, around 7:00pm?  I was taking a walk and saw it streaking towards the earth like a comet, only not as fast.  Then it ceased to continue streaking downward, and the entire \u2018design\u2019 of fireball with vertical streaks above it, started to fade in brightness and visibility. At first I wondered if a plane was crashing, but there was no sound.  Except for the color, I would have guessed it was a far-away jet, only it was heading directly downward.  I came in the house to Google and find out what it is before it had disappeared entirely.  I didn\u2019t find anything online.  I wondered if there was a satellite or something due to fall to the ocean today.  But then, it never finished falling before it started to fade."
"Green laser lights in the sky simutaneosly and evenly shooting parallel to eachother It was approximately 0620 hrs  and I was looking in the sky I noticed 2 geese flying together which was weird I usually see geese in the bundles...  I thought nothing much after I lt sort of followed the geese with my eyes I turned and that's  when I saw what I saw it was shocking but exciting at the same time I saw a light which was white really bright not like a plane and it wasn't blinking then like 3 seconds later I sort of took of straight and while it did that the  light turned green as if there was a green laser it was super fast so fast I couldn't keep up with it with my eyes no plain or jet is that fast I have common sense but after that I saw something even more surprising I saw another similar light coming in the opposite direction as the other one before it and then I saw two of the same white lights going left to right simultaneously with the green laser looking thing there's no aircraft in the world that can go that fast and turn back 180degrees! instantly back and forth that fast it was beautiful it was like some thing you see in a movie after several seconds it just vanished in the air  it sounds funny but that's what  I saw and not only that this isn't the first time I've seen it I've seen it years ago about maybe 9 years ago coming out a factory in the early morning by again a green laser looking UFO flying back and forth then disappears I wasn't the only one who saw it actually about 4-6 other people saw it I was scared to say something but this time I googled how to report a UFO sighting which lead me to this form  I hope other people saw it To.. Thanx"
"6-8 orange/yellow circles hovering in a zigzag formation. Me and 3 witnesses were driving by, we are all down to earth intelligent people and all saw the same thing, we arnt crazy!  And we were sober!  And saw 6-8 orange/yellow circle lights hovering In a zigzag formation.  We saw it for 10 min.  Before we drove by.  They weren't moving  at all and out minds were blown!"
"Large round red-orange glowing or burning object, shooting very fast through the sky going north, bigger than a plane & faster. My husband and I were looking at the stars, when all the sudden in the NW direction of the sky, we spotted this round object that was huge, much larger then an airplane and going much faster....it looked as though it was on fire or a burning object, it was a bright red-orange glow with black edges...it just kept going and going until it was out of sight headed North.   We were both in shock, never have seen anything like this.  We did not have a camera and didn't have time to get a pic, we were in such aahhh of it.   It was like a huge fireball rushing through the sky.  But it was HUGE and must have traveled hundreds a minute.   It also seemed to appear out of no where, it was just there..  Then shot across the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded to us to be both sincere, and sober-minded.  PD))"
"Dancing like object in sky. Second time seeing this type object.  First outside of Bozeman, Montana.  Now in Blackfoot, outside house in sky.  Object dances about, then disappears."
"Out of Orion's belt Belt vshape moving fast broke into about 30 lights no sound moved towards the International Space Station at the same time. ((NUFORC Note:  The ISS passed close to the Orion Constellation, at the time indicated in the report.  PD))"
"Large, fast moving green light disappears abruptly. I was leaving my house at about 9:20 or so to go to Walgreens just down the street. I decided to take the long route just to enjoy the night and drive around the neighborhood a bit (opposite direction as my usual route, wouldn't have seen this occurrence had I not taken new route). As I pulled out of my driveway and turned to progress down the street, I noticed a large (perspectively about the size of a pea held in your hand) green light in the sky absolutely railing Southwards. It progressed in speed for a matter of a few moments, grew in brightness, and then abruptly disappeared as I kept my eyes peeled in the direction that I saw it in with no avail with the intentions of another sighting. I have communicated with a few acquaintances of mine, and apparently they have experienced the same thing. What absolutely astounded me was the clarity of the light, it was quite blatantly either very low to the ground or a type of lighting that I have not witnessed bef! ore in my life. Equally astounding, though, was the apparent frictionless flight that this object had attained. It was the cleanest moving, brightest object I've ever seen in my life. Others that have seen the same thing claim that the same two details, being the frictionless flight and the brightness of the light, were aspects of the sight that stuck with them and astounded them as well. It was an odd feeling night, at that. Had a very different feel to it.  This is one of many experiences that I have had witnessing UFOs, not strictly of this sort (this is the first of this sort that I've seen). Also, the first I'm reporting. I often go outside with confidence that I'll see something astonishing in a matter of minutes admiring the sky.  Thanks for reading, hopefully this gets out to anyone else who's seen the same thing."
"Multiple lights over Fort Myer I went outside with my dog to see the super moon.  I did not notice anything around the moon when looking at it but I took three pictures of the moon and in one picture, there are two lights near it and the other, four white lights and two other lights to the side.  One picture has no lights.  I thought it might be a reflection but I\u2019m not sure, since one picture had no lights.   The lights were right over the entrance/exit area to Fort Myer and are viewed from a residential neighborhood across Washington Blvd. ((NUFORC Note:  Lens flares from headlights, and a green traffic signal.  PD))"
"We were possibly abducted by a pyramid shaped UFO? while traveling in eastern oregon. We were going to our timeshare in Bend oregon Memorial day weekend in the evening,1995?  We lost 3-3.5 hrs of time.  I later remembered pulling off the side of the road to go to the bathroom and seeing a  2 story sized pyramid.  We were sober and sane.  My life has not been the same since.  Please contact me for interview.  Thanks ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Creepy reddish orange floating eye,(light)! I stepped out to have a smoke, and while smoking i was looking at the sky, and just looking around.  Anyway to the north there are mountains and hills, and on the hills are relay stations for t.v. etc..  One of the stations has a large antenna with a red pulsing light on its tip. while looking at the antenna light, i noticed another reddish light, out the corner of my eye to the right of where the antenna is,  It more or less dropped straight down from the sky, then in a long arcing line was heading in my direction, with a large orange slow pulsing light and a red hue around it.   Well i knew right then that this was very strange, dropped my cig and ran in the trailer to grab my new ipad for a picture.  Came outside and now this object was getting very close, so I starting firing off pictures.  Now this thing is almost over head and begins to slow way down and slowly turn to the west or left, and also at the point it slowed down the light stopped pulsing and staye! d on constantly.  Not being familiar with how the ipad camera works, i was fumbling about with it, and at the same time trying to keep my eyes on the object, that was more or less right above me now.  As it was in its turn the light, (without any other explanation for it) looked like an eye rolling back in its head and was gone!"
"I was abducted and I lost time. I was home and babysitting my two nephews. They were sleeping in the family livingroom.Well, I was up late this night. I was looking out the window facing our back yard. All the sudden, I see this beam flashing on and off over houses and trees. I was really afraid. But,I just watch as these lights flash on and off. It was as if they were searching lights. In a moment notice the light was over my house. It was than, I felt something touch my sides of my waist. The next thing, I woke up sitting upright on my couch the next morning. I dont remember walking over to the couch and I dont have any memory of the rest of the night. Plus I would never in a million years sleep that way. I was shock to see myself in this position it was almost like I was place there. In my heart, I know that I was abducted by a UFO. This is hard because unless it happen to you. It is hard for anyoe to beleive me. I know out in the world there are other like me who have lost time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Huge triangle shape object travelling slowly in outer space over the skies of Phoenix, AZ. On Thursday June 15, 2017, the night was clear, so I decided to lay down on a pool recliner in the middle of my house backyard in South Phoenix, by 67th Ave and Lower Buckeye Rd, to watch the sky; I had my Barska 20x80 Binoculars by my side.   The night was uneventful, and after 30 minutes of not seeing anything out of the ordinary, I was ready to get inside the house, and it happened, high up there, at 80\u00b0 travelling slowly North-NorthEast; it must have been in outer space, I noticed the spaceship because the bottom lights turned on and flickered for 3 to 5 seconds (the lights were like beams forming a V shape with a smaller v in the center, making the lights four beams), and then they went off; since I believe the object was in outer space, it must have been huge in size; I got my binoculars immediately, and looked for the object in the direction it but travelling I wasn't able to locate it anymore... I got so excited and shortly went inside the house to tell ! my wife...  This was the once in a lifetime sighting;  Over time, I've witnessed other sightings, in the form of silver disc shape objects and silver orbs, but nothing like this...  This is a motivation to keep watching the skies. :)"
"Random White Lights circling over West Seattles Admiral District While out walking our dog at about 6:45 pm tonight in our neighborhood; around 6 miles southwest of downtown Seattle we noticed about five or six lights circling around and reflected on the clouds from above them it seemed.  There were no rays or beams of light from the ground shining up to them. They were random in movement but seemed circular in motion.   Peculiarly, as we were watching we walked under a street light and where it had been steady on; it flickered.  Almost like the \"lights\" knew we were watching them.  It was very odd and I have never seen anything like it in my 45 plus years.  The lights were whitish grey against the clouds and large at approximately 200 ft above the ground. ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witnesses might have been watching advertising, being reflected off the bottoms of the cloud layer."
"Low in horizon a very bright light that streamed a foggy like light at the left and right sides...then the streaming lights moved to the top.  Traveled very fast with lights streaming behind it.  The with a small burst it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Launch of Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg AFB.  PD))"
"Two bright objects moving in formation I was driving home from work a little after 10PM.  I was crossing the 199 bridge over Lake Worth when an object to my right (in a northerly direction I believe) caught my attention.  I turned and saw two very bright objects in the sky flying in a northwesterly/northerly direction.  One appeared high than the other and as they got closer to the horizon, they began to level out.  I tried to keep them in my vision for as long as possible but they eventually dipped below the horizon and out of sight.  I thought they could've been two aircraft but I didn't see any signal lights.  I then thought maybe I was seeing the landing lights but any of the airports that could handle an aircraft of that size were in the complete opposite direction."
"Three white lights in equilateral triangle move across night sky, multiple witnesses, summer camping trip 1974. On our annual family camping trip near Chester, California, my sister, my cousin and I would occasionally see what we thought were satellites floating across the night sky. It has always bothered me that I have never seen anything similar to these \"satellites\" since then. After stumbling upon an online account of  \"black triangles\" I came to the realization that what we saw was probably NOT a satellite at all. In fact, I think is scientifically impossible for what we saw to be a satellite. So now, 38 years later, here is my belated report on the \"three-star satellites\" witnessed over the Potato Patch Campground near Chester, California in July/August of 1974. I can remember it as if it were yesterday--one of those clear childhood memories that sticks with you in a very visual way. I remember talking about it with my sister as we lay there on our sleeping bags, looking up at the stars and wondering what those slowly moving triangle of stars were. We have talked about this as adults, though not in recent years. The first time we saw them, it must have been between 9-10 PM, as it was fully dark and the stars were out. We were just lying there, looking up at the night sky when we saw what looked like stars formed in the shape of an equilateral triangle drifting overhead. There were three white lights, one in each corner of a triangle. I could not see any body or an edge to a triangle, just the three lights. What made them unusual is that they moved, and that they moved together in such a way that you knew they were physically connected. It must have been really high up, because the lights looked the same size as the stars, slightly bigger, but also slightly brighter than the stars. Anyways, it moved slowly against the other stars in what I think was a northern direction. The three unified lights would speed up then slow down along it's path and slowly turn or rotate around itself. The movement was very graceful, not at all like an airplane. It just looked like it was floating and spi! nning past us up there in the night sky. It seems like it took about 2 minutes before it went behind the trees. I can remember seeing this at least twice for certain, and probably more like 3-5 times though I can't recall the exact instances of each. I do remember that it became commonplace for us to see these that summer. I remember that we would lay out and look for satellites, and we were successful several times. We were not all excited about the satellites. I am sure a shooting star would have been more exciting. We certainly didn't think we had seen a UFO. We just figured they were \"three-star satellites\" (that's what I called them) orbiting the earth. But, satellites don't speed up and slow down, and as far as I know satellites don't come in sets of three that move synchronously about at various speeds across the night sky. In retrospect, If it were indeed a satellite, then it would have had to be miles wide. I have not mentioned this Black Triangle correlation to my sister. Though we have discussed the satellite sitings as adults, I have not discussed this with her in any detail within the last 10 or 15 years. It would be interesting if a third party could interview her to correlate the details of this story as I remember them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Brown out forced us outside to seek relife from heat. Total darkenss. Sphere traveling very fast from east to west, low in the horizon. with blue and white lights appears to be laser like emitting. It happand so fast I ask my wife if she saw it just as she was asking me what that was. very weird. not an aircraft or salalite. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"red and orange fireball lasting for 2-3 minutes before moving out of sight. a second one flew by 30 min. later. It was silent and very bright with no sound. It moved very quickly from north to south over the Chesapeake bay.  It moved out of sight.  About 30 minutes later another one went by faster and higher.  The second one was pink/red then turned to orange.  The first one was orange."
"The object had a slight amber tint to it.  It looked like a satellite, or star, but then it started to change directions.  Almost like a goldfish swimming in a tank.  Not fast moving.  The movements were very subtle.  It was too high to be any known aircraft and too low to be a star.  The object was situated about northwest of the position of the moon around 10:05pm PST.  While I was staring at it I did happen to see a satellite passing through.  The satellite was moving at a constant speed and one direction.  This object would move then stop for a moment then started moving again.  It did this several times.  Also a bright blue flash occurred around the same time the two objects came close to each other.  I had to grab my cousin to confirm what I was seeing. Just to make sure it wasn't my mind playing tricks. He too witnessed this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"strange triangle formation flying in the night sky **PLEASE READ** Me,my bother,and my cousins were all out playing in the yard,when suddenly we all heard a what sounded like a jet. When we looked up we saw a triangle formation of lights.We watched the object disappear behind some trees. So we looked around and saw about four to five airplanes flying in the sky four of them were flying towards the object and one flying away in the opposite direction.!!!!"
"3 orange lights in sky in Belvidere, IL As my husband and I were driving home and we pulled into our neighborhood in Belvidere, IL around 8:20pm on Sat, 8/30/14, we noticed 3 orange lights in the sky.  We initially thought they might be airplanes or helicopters which were reflecting light from the setting sun, but they seemed to be too close together.  They were maybe a few miles away to the northeast. We watched them for at least 30 seconds, and then they simply disappeared.   We pulled into our driveway, got out of are car and stood there for a minute looking for them, and they were gone.   So our theory of an aircraft seemed out of the question."
"Mysterious lights moving back/forth and up/down in the treeline. Monday, August 18 in Arvada, CO, (near Standley Lake) \u2013 mysterious lights moving back/forth and up/down between 10:00 pm and 10:30 pm.  Sitting on my back patio I noticed a blue/red/white lights moving erratically due north, about 20 degrees above the horizon (near the base of the Big Dipper). The lights moved in a fashion similar to somebody pointing a laser pointing at a wall and moving it around erratically.  However, these lights were much bigger and were blue/white/red, depending on which way the lights were moving. From my back porch, I sit about even with the treeline.  I could see a blinking light moving up/down and back/forth up out of the treeline, and above/down into the treeline.  The lights would do this for about 30 seconds, then stop for about 5 minutes , then start again.  The happened for about 30 minutes. At about 10:15, I also noticed, what looked like, a shooting star heading in the general direction of the moving lights.  I thought it was a shooting star, until I realized there was some cloud cover in that direction, so the \u201cshooting star\u201d had to be in front of the cloud cover (which I thought was strange)  At about 10:30 pm, I got in my car and drove about a mile north to get a better view, overlooking Standley Lake.  However, by this time the lights had disappeared.    The sighting was in the general direction of Rocky Mountain Airport."
"We were going to tunica to gamble at the casinos when my aunt said look at that alien craft,it hovered for a couple seconds with one bright light Blinking in the center with colorful lights circling the white light, then it just poofed out of space."
"The craft was apparently not moving with bright white lights on each side and illuminated in the central portion, no red or green lights indicated.  It was difficult to tell the altitude and seemed stationary for about a minute then flew south east very quickly and disappeared,  nothing like an airplane or helicopter! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw the first UFO around 1:00 am, within the next 30 minutes, I saw 4 more and one was being trailed by a low flying triangular shaped craft with three circles on the bottom and what seemed to be ventilation on the sides of the craft.  There were many orbs and one appeared about 50 feet directly above me and circled slowly.   In the next couple hours I witnessed saucers and opaque masses moving across the sky, one of the low flying masses materialized into an alien looking craft, however I couldn't determine the exact shape,  I'm sure it wasn't a saucer though.  Only two of the saucers had lights and none of them made a sound."
"white round object motionless over albuwuerque Left home for a morning jog at 7:30. Noticed this object in the south 35-40 degrees up. Object remained in the same position throughout the whole duration of my run. It was always to the south at the same angle. There were hot air balloons in the sky. The object was higher than the balloons but lower than flying passenger plains. It is still there(9:45) I can see it from my window. It is round and white, lighter on the sunny side, it has a size of a pencil  tip (1mm). I took a picture (attached) with 2.8 zoom. The object is at the very center of the picture just left to the tree."
"Large orange ball in sky with no tail moving west to east approx 4 mins duration. Large bright orange object moving from west to east. Similar look of a meteor, however, no tail and had a slower movement similar to the space station when viewed from earth.  First spotted by my daughter at approx 21:15 (AST) and disappeared approximately 4 mins later.  No noises or occurrences during sighting"
"UFO Disc covers their  identity behind dark clouds but was later seen from a sharp eye before taking off. On this particular evening it was a dark cloudy, light rain overcast.  I was coming out of my building where I lived on 1 Beaufort Place in New Rochelle, NY a couple of years ago (10/04)walking toward my car when I seen a very bright light beaming from a dark cloud.  There were multiple clusters of dark clouds with gaps in between.  Well I was looking very hard at this one particular dark cloud for at least 30 secnds with this extremely bright light coming from the center.  Then all of a sudden I seen a disc like object shoot upward through the gaps of clouds in a diagonal motion into the evening sky.  I guess this object realized that I saw there light beaming from the dark cloud and took off.  They must of been watching me while I was walking as I began to realize there existence before they took off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Round balls of fire in sets of two We were without power here at Cross Lake in Northern Maine Friday night, August 14, 2009, from about 6 until 2:30 Saturday morning.  So it was a particularly dark night, but with the brightest stars that I have seen since I was a kid growing up in Monticello 60 years ago. The objects in the sky first started appearing about 8:30.  They would first appear just over the horizon in the SW.  They approached at the speed of a high flying plane.  They were always in pairs of two, one following in the path of the other, and each the same size and shape as the other. When they got to a vertical height of about 60 degrees above the horizon, they would gradually turn black and disappear.  Moments after they would disappear another pair would start appearing over the distant horizon.  There were five sets of two that appeared this way, and then they was a time lapse, and then 3 appeared at once.  Their general appearance to the naked eye was that of a ball of fire. The shape changed when they neared the height of their visible flight. I was able to zoom and get six pictures of different sets at various stages. The 5th picture in particular, shows the degree of similiarity in size and shape between the two objects. I have no idea what they were, but I would definitely categorize them as \"Unidentified.\""
"ROW OF 4 MAGENTA LIGHTS LOW IN THE DARK SKY THAT SUDDENLY VANISHED ON SATURDAY EVENING IN NORTH CENTRAL TUCSON, ARIZONA ON 1-13-07 AT APPROXIMATELY 6:15 PM MY SPOUSE AND I WENT TO THE CAR IN THE PARKING AREA TO THE EAST OF THE HOUSE.   DIRECTLY TO THE EAST,  LOW,  BUT WELL ABOVE THE TREES AND HOUSES WE SAW A SLIGHTLY CURVED ROW OF 4 VERY BRIGHT MAGENTA LIGHTS LIKE THE LANDING LIGHTS ON AN AIR PLANE AND GETTING BRIGHTER AS IF THEY WERE COMING TOWARD US.   SUDDENLY THEY VANISHED.   AFTER THE MAGENTA LIGHTS VANISHED AND SLIGHTLY LOWER THAN WHERE THEY HAD BEEN,  WAS A FAINT ROW OF WHITE LIGHTS, MUCH SMALLER AND ALSO SLIGHTLY BOWED.   AFTER 2 OR 3 SECONDS, THOSE LIGHTS ALSO VANISHED.  NOTHING BUT DARKNESS.   I HAVE NEVER BELIEVED IN UFO'S, AND I DON'T BELIEVE IN MAGIC.  BUT I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I SAW??????  I CONTACTED THE LOCAL PAPER, BUT APPARENTLY NO ONE ELSE HAD REPORTED ANYTHING. WE ARE A PROFESSIONAL COUPLE W/ LLB AND MS DEGREES."
"Flashing from a possible satellite tumbling on its arc. Took my dog out for his last night potty run about 10:45 pm tonight.  I always look up at the stars at night as it was something Dad and I used to do when I was growing up.  He was an engineer, designing early communication satellites, and I know quite a few of his designs are above us, circling the Earth.  Dad taught me how to identify a planet as opposed to a star, and how to track the satellites when they go overhead. Tonight, I caught a glimpse of a flash of white light out of the corner of my eye traveling from the west to the east/southeast sky above the star Altair (used my Sky Guide app to figure its location), then dismissed it as I thought it was a light of an airplane high overhead.  We are under the flight lines for our local airport and the nearby military base.  I looked to the south and then back over where I saw the light and saw a smaller glimmer of it.  Continued watching that area of the sky and it flashed again and again, somewhat in a predictive sequence about 2-3 seconds in between each flash and the duration of the flash was a fraction of a second which made it very hard to predict where it was going.  When it flashed again, this time it was like a streamer flying in the wind with a 1-2 second duration and then it disappeared, only to quickly flash again a few more times before the light dimmed out of sight. I do not believe it is a UFO craft.  I believe I saw a satellite which may have been knocked so it's spinning while in orbit and caught the sun reflecting off its solar panels (the flashing light) instead of a steady glow which moves in an arc across the night sky.  The flashing light was still traveling as if it were following a satellite arc, that's how I could guess where to look when I realized it wasn't an airplane flying overhead.    Just wondered if anyone else had seen the same thing tonight.  Pretty interesting!"
"Circular looking craft with bright blue light that changed to white as it looked like it was landing behind the trees. Object looked like a circular craft that was flying and then looked like two engines were started to help it land.  It started with a bright blue light and then changed to white as it looked like it was landing.  It disappeared behind the trees.  Looked really close but was probably miles away.  There was no sound."
"I'm conflicted.  I had another sighting, mr Davenport, and I was challenged by you of filing a false report. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know who the source of the report, and I strongly doubt that I suggested that the individual's report was \"false.\"  We rarely have any idea which reports are sincere and accurate, and which are bogus.  PD))  This recent incidence happened while I was traveling to play golf, on 79 north going over the Glenfied Bridge.  Already filed a report.  On my way to meet a buddy at Olde Stonewall.  That's near Zelionople.  I leave from near Pitt International. I know my aircraft.  Former Navy Analyst.  Was one of two suits in a sea of white and gold bars in the Pentagon. Was a constant at Wings Over Pittsburgh.  Pilots of 16s and 18s couldn't believe what I knew. I know my stuff. I can differentiate just the sound of mil power vs commercial or private. Just find someone to confirm what I saw.  It was at 12:30 as I traveled north on 79 to Zeli.  It was less than a minute.  I was going 75mph over a mile long bridge.  I saw this thing going straight over Pittsburgh.  Seven miles by air away. Please find a confirm  Or then  tell me I'm right or don't contact. Also something in Amsterdam, NY.  Me and a friend were outside late at night.  He was smoking and I was having a chew. This craft, very high altitude, came over.  But every time it \"glowed\" it accelerated like crazy.  Much faster than regular commercial craft. We both just looked at each other, and said to each other we'd never seen such a thing.  There is an old AF base near there.  So don't rule that out.  In fact the A12/SR71 used to to have service there after twelve hour trips. This wasn't that.  No 16.  No 15.  No 22.  And no Hornet, whatever it was defied explanation. No noise. No goofiness.  Just a couple guys watching the sky.  Actually we were using his iPhone app to identify constellations and stars. So after you telling me I filed a false report, find some submission somewhere to verify my report of the abnormal object I saw over Pittsburgh. If anything you can find is false, then go back to your bunker.  You pissed me off."
"UFO responds to signals I have never reported this however I feel it ubique in that it responed to our signal. A boyfriend and I were parked on a jutty overlooking Monterey Bay-yes in the old time venacular-making out.  I happened to open my eyes and way in the starscape I saw a light make a 90% turn.  I said excidedly_______ stars don't make 9% turns-quick flash the headlights.(Yes I was bossy-even then)He did and in a milli second it appeared before us-hovering over the ocean and filled the whole windshiel.  I felt there was a presance with us, but not threatning.  We flashed the headlights again and in responce blue yellow and red lights circled the machine.  There were windows and I peered so hard but nothing appeared - again a sence of presence.  It was completely silent. I was 18 and torn between spooked and fasinated.  I asked to leave and we did.  In latter talks with my priest he said a VIP had taken pics same night but would not come forward. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Spherical high altitude explosion and flash of light over Ewa Beach On the night of Tuesday, August 21, 2007, between the hours of 22:00 and 00:00 (HST) myself and two associates were sitting on the beach conversing with one another.  The night was mostly clear with scattered clouds.  Around approximately 23:30, my associates and I were astonished to observe a dim, brief, yet prominent flash of light which illuminated the entire sky. The flash of light was accompanied by what appeared to be a spherical, orange to red explosion at high altitude, directly above us. The entire incident lasted not more than 2 seconds and was not accompanied by any audible sound such as a sonic boom or a pressure wave.  The phenomena appeared to be very similar in appearance to explosions I have seen in documentary videos of high altitude / low-earth orbit thermonuclear detonations, except the flash and fireball which my associates and I observed on the night of August 21st was particularly small.  There were no perceivable electromagnetic interruptions or interference to electronic devices around us such as my cell phone or nearby streetlights.  In terms of our backgrounds and personal profile, I am 27 years old, and I possess a master of arts in political science and humanities, as well as a bachelor of arts in political science and public administration. I work in local government.  My associates are also my co-workers, and are currently undergraduate students at a local university."
"Triangular objects moving East within fast moving clouds at Comer's Rock campground, Grayson, VA I drove up to Comer's Rock campground in the Jefferson National forest, which straddles the Wythe County/Grayson County, VA line.  It rained for three days solid.  On the fourth day, I was able to explore outside the tent and campsite.   On the afternoon of August 24th, the wind shifted and the weather finally broke.  I took the cot out of my tent and laid in the breeze watching the sky.  A  low level of cirrocumulous clouds approached from the West.  Below these mottled clouds was another string of mottled clouds going in the opposite direction, which was fun to watch.   The wind picked up and the lower Altocumulus clouds zoomed to the East.  As I lay there looking at the sky show, I began to see triangular shaped objects inside the clouds.  In the space between the cloud structures, there were several things that appeared to be solid triangular objects.  Honestly, I was stunned and couldn't take my eyes off them.  Perfect, clearly-formed triangular shapes almost hiding in the clouds.  I felt totally mesmerized.  Eventually the entire cloud bank passed to the East and I never saw anything unusual again that day."
"Fireballs over Portsmouth They were fireball-like things that seemed to be surrounded by a balloon.  There were 4 different ones each going in the same direction, starting in different locations.  They were all traveling NNE. We observed them from our boat in Portsmouth Harbor."
"Orange Lights in San Diego. I was looking up and saw two orange lights, high in the sky, then three more orange lights turned on.   They then turned off, two then two more then the final one went off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Daylight sighting of a long cigar shaped object that  slowly disappears The object was long and thin, cigar shaped whitish/silver color although more white.  This is a rough guess but I would say it's height was somewhere between 2000 and 5000 feet.  I first thought it must be a plane as we are in the flight path of a major airport.  Started looking for wings, couldn't see any but that's not really unusual because sometimes the angle of the plane makes it impossible to see the wings.  Then I realized that the \"plane\" or \"object\" was in the wrong place for the flight pattern - too high for just taking off or landing, and too low for passing through. No contrail at all.  As I watched the object, which was flying east to west at about 65 degrees above the horizon, it appeared to just simply fade out. I was looking right at it (still looking for the wings on the thing don't ya know) as it slowly dissappeared! The effect was like a plane going behind clouds that are thin at the edges but get thicker towards the middle - I'd say about 8 to 10 seconds from the time it started to fade, to completely gone. But there were no clouds in the sky. I don't know if my eyes were playing tricks, but at the last place I saw the object - the spot where it completely vanished - there appeared a faint dark smudge - like smoke - in an otherwise clear blue sky. It dissapated in a few seconds, making me wonder if I had actually seen the smudge. I continued scanning the sky but saw nothing more."
"Glowing Green SKY MIR I was working second shift at a hospital, I live in the country, so we have a terrific veiw of the sky, I thought I heard something and suddenly the entire sky was glowing bright green, not just a part of the horizon but it was like daylight but bright green, I am not sure of the exact date but it was cold outside and I remember the MIR was supposed to come down soon, at first being the age I am I thought it was a nuclear bomb in the atmosphere, and after I calmed down I thought maybe the MIR fell sooner than planned. I called MCconnel AFB the guard I spoke to had seen it but had no idea what it was. I met someone at our local mall years later who also had seen it but had no information. I also called our local tv station and cosmosphere, very few people saw it and it didn't seem like a big deal to them. I emailed coast to coast but no response there either, For such a weird event with multiple witnesses there is very little documentation. Anyone in this area outside at that time had to see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"V Shaped formation of 20 - 30 fast moving copper / orange objects Place of sighting: - Kyalami, Midrand (Johannesburg South Africa)   Time and date: - 21:29 CAT (JHB); 27 March 2016   Initial sighting direction: - West West South (towards Krugersdorp)   Event details:  Just before going to bed, I went outside onto the patio leading from our bedroom.  Being a clear cool autumn night, I went outside to look at the constellation of Orion (Westerly direction at around 30 Degrees elevation at the time) to see how clear it would be.  I noticed a small commercial aircraft making its way towards Lanseria airport (North Westerly direction from our house). I then looked more to the South to look in the direction of where a neighbour's dog was barking, and noticed a string of faint coppery orange orbs in the West.  These were moving in a boomerang/\"loose string of pearls\" formation towards Pretoria (to the North West).  I estimated they would have been directly overhead for the residents of Krugersdorp.  At the beginning of the sighting I estimated the length of the edge of this formation was about the same as holding a 4-inch long object out at an arm's length.  The easterly edge of the boomerang immediately reminded me of the so-called \"Phoenix Lights\" --this was the first thing which went through my head when I saw them - this because the \"string\" looked straight and level relative to the horizon and looked like a picture I had once seen of that phenomena (note:  these objects in this sighting were much closer to one another and there were many more).  This was the closest the formation was to me, thereafter it became smaller as it moved north easterly towards Pretoria. The \"string\" on the Westerly side moved erratically, many simultaneously moving rapidly and overtaking one another, then dropping back.  The same movement happened on the easterly side of the formation but not to the same extent.  The shape remained a \"v\" regardless of the movements of the individual objects.  The formation was moving between the constellation of Orion and Sirius. The closest comparable motion I can think of is a flock of birds flying in a v-formation in very turbulent weather and then the speed of their movements speeded up considerably. The changing of relative positions was almost \"playful,\" but always kept the same distance between the individual objects. As they moved over, the v-shape became more pronounced and less \"flat\" - I could not count them properly but I estimate there were over 20 individual objects, those on the easterly side being marginally brighter than those in the west).  These were individual objects and not part of a single larger object. The colour was slightly darker than the orange hue of the star Betelgeuse, and luminosity around 20% of that star, on the night I called my wife to see the formation, but by the time she was outside, the formation was much fainter than when I had first seen it and was just about to disappear behind the tops of the trees in the north west and she did not see the formation.  At this time the easterly side of the formation went straight again but the westerly side continued to move erratically.  She witnessed a shooting star off to the side of where the formation was. During this time - of only around 10 to 15 seconds at most - I only took my eyes off the formation once when I tried to see if my wife was looking in the right direction. In relation to the airplane mentioned earlier, the formation was moving much faster and seemed much higher in the sky.  To put the speed in perspective, the sighting covered about 3/4 of the sky and was over in the time mentioned earlier.  This reminded me of the speed of a low flying fighter jet.  There was no sound from the formation, and I did not hear engine noise from the airplane either.  By the end of the sighting the airplane had disappeared but admittedly was not the focus of my attention. I expect the only reason why the objects were even visible was because of the position and luminosity of the rising moon - reflecting off the lower surfaces of the objects - much as the sun does off satellites in the early evening.  They did not seem to emit any light themselves - ruling out the typical Chinese Lantern misidentification.  I immediately sketched the sky and the path / formation on my smartphone (attached). I am familiar with aircraft (as we have multiple airports in the vicinity) and have been interested in airplanes and associated technology since an early age.  These objects and their speed, proximity to one another and movements do not fit any aircraft I am aware of. Their movements would have been extremely risky - if impossible - for any formation of aircraft to attempt without colliding.  The acceleration and deceleration of the objects also did not seem physically possible for a object with any weight. Please note this sighting was reported to MUFON (case: 75463) on the morning of 28th March."
"1974-75, Huber Heights, OH Silent saucer/UFO hovering over me, incredible speed. In the 1970's, I was about 15 yrs old, living north of Dayton in an area called Huber Heights, just several miles south of I-70. It was a crisp, cold, clear fall night. I walked out the back door to feed my dog, hurrying because it was cold and I didn't have a jacket.  I was maybe 20 feet from the house when something made me stop. (I'm getting shivers just remembering this) I looked up in the sky and almost overhead, hovering in total silence, was a large saucer shaped craft.  It seemed close enough to reach out and touch, but of course it really wasn't. It had trapazoidal shaped white lights? Or windows of light?, that rotated around the craft, from left to right, skipping every other panel. The trapazoids were narrower at the top, wider at the bottom. I just stood there staring at it in total shock I guess, for who knows how long. I remember screaming, dropping the dog food and running for the house. When I started running, it started moving, heading west at an extremely high rate of speed. Remember, I lived near Wright-Pat, had been to the Dayton Air Show, had seen fighter planes and the blue angels. I knew what a plane looked like in the sky. I had never seen anything moving at the speed this thing attained. By the time I could get my father and air force uncle to the door, maybe a span of 20-30 seconds, it was nearly out of sight on the horizon. My uncle said he had never seen anything move so fast. I have always wondered if anyone else saw anything in the sky that night in Ohio. Later in life, I learned about Roswell, aliens, UFO's, and watched shows about Hanger 18 at Wright-Pat. I've wondered if this was reverse technology in action. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"White light appeared in the middle of night sky. As my wife and I were looking at the stars, out of nowhere a bright white light (very large, compared to other stars) appeared in the middle of the night sky.  It disappeared for a second and then we saw it \u201cskip\u201d across the night sky into the horizon.   The distance it traveled by the time we saw it next was a very long distance, and not in a straight line.  There was no sound whatsoever. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Possible fighter jet shooting at UFO I live out in the country, it is crystal clear outside,  the event I'm describing transpired a few minutes ago...  Was outside looking at the stars to the south when an object (possibly a fighter jet) was moving north at a very high altitude at high rate of speed (for a jet aircraft) and started to turn toward the east when it was directly above me.  It was at this moment when what i initially thought was a star flashed a brilliant white light at the (jet?).  Had the (jet?) not banked east, this (star?) would have been just about directly in its flight path, and as soon as the light was flashed, the (jet?) banked back around to the west side of the (star?) and as it was going by it what looked to me like a weapon of some sort was fired from the (jet?) at the (star?) with no effect, then the (jet?) just continued north. The (star?) it still just sitting out there\u2026"
"Disc fleet over Surrey BC There was one solid disc (not illuminated) flying south on a north-south heading directly overhead, making no sound.  It was underneath some light fair weather cumulus.   I watched it go southbound until it was out of sight - it did not accelerate or change altitude, estimated speed 250-350 knots based on the speed of the jet that the fleet described below was following.   About two minutes later on the same heading there was a fleet of identical objects headed south, it was not packed into one tight formation it was spread out so there were groups of two or three craft in formation.  The lead object in the fleet was tailing an airline jet on the same heading by about one mile.  The objects made no sound and emitted no light however I did notice a 'fuzzy' aura around them.  Based on the size of the aircraft and the fair weather clouds, I would estimate that the objects were about 3000 feet altitude and approximately 30  to 50 feet in diameter.   I tried counting the craft but lost count at around 8.   I was trying to focus on viewing one group, when another group would fly into my field of vision, confusing my counting. I also noticed cross-traffic, an airline jet crossed overhead higher than the cloud and higher than the fleet at about the same time. Yesterday was one day when I really wish I had my camera, I could have taken really good pictures, probably could have taken closeups with my zoom. The objects were all headed directly south towards the border. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate a date of the sighting.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"sitting on my back porch looking north, noticed a red, purplish bright light, it came from east to west, appeared to head north slowly, it moved to the right, it paused then it move back to the left a little faster, paused then took off to the north and it was gone"
"A baffling unknown flying object sighting. I was standing in my front yard with my bro.  Talking about life then I gazed at the sky.  There it was 3 red lights in a formation line blanking in a sequence.  I said, \"bro look in the sky.  He was amazed then I tried to record it our camera couldn't pick it up. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"1 object got it on video when i was about to take a picture it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright white object very large that traveled in the sky unbelievably fast in many different directions. I went into the backyard just after midnight to take clothes out of dryer.  I looked up at the sky and spotted what I thought was a shooting star.  I was very bright and falling very quickly.   It suddenly stopped and started to fade away.  As it faded away, I saw what looked like 3 red lights in a triangle formation.   Then the white lights got very bright again and looked like LED lights.  When lit fully it almost looked like an X, but curved.  It looked far away but very big, probably the size of a large plane.   It moved faster then anything that I could imagine.  I watched it go from one part of the sky to another in seconds.  It continued to fade away and I would see the red lights again and then get very bright white again.   I really can\u2019t stress the speed that it was traveling and the size of it.  There is no way that something that large should be able to move that fast.   After 4 minutes I decided to run in and grab my video camera.  I was able to get a! bout 45 seconds of it on film and it does show the speed that the object moved at.   It went up and down and across and zig-zag. I still don\u2019t know what exactly I saw, but I do know that there was something physically out there."
"We saw a long, slow formation of about 17 different lights, in smaller groups.  Some were red, some green, some white.  The red lights were in a Little Dipper formation.  The seemed to be 1200 or so feet up.  They were all flying at the same speed and disappeared out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date, assuming that the sighting occurred in October, not November.  PD))"
"Star sized object falls streight down 90deg from horizion and disapears. At 21:30 me and a couple co workers where taking a smoke break we where standing at the designated smoking area.  I was faceing west talking to another person when I saw a light come streight down and disapear.  It was pretty far away definatly over the pacific ocean size unknown. West of Everett Wa.  When I saw it I  said what the f was that? And everone said what was what?  Luckly a guy standing to the right of me on his phone said I saw it. Then i confirmed what it was he described the same event."
"me and my friend was up at the shopping center getting a snow cone when i looked up into the sky and seen a cylinder shaped object did not see any wings on it  then showed my friend he had seen it to  after that we headed back home ....believe me it was a shock to see this watched for a feww min then it was gone so i know it was no plain"
"A flash light across the sky every night at 11:00pm to 11:30pm Every night at 11:00 pm to 11:30 pm there's a star like object flashing from SW 4107 to the west . If flashes every 10 seconds . No sound. The size of it just like a star. White color. I have observed for a month ."
"Object appeared and morphed into a craft.  See photos. I was watching the Jacksonville Beach Airshow when I saw what I thought was a parachuter.  I took some photos of the object and saw what I though was a plane fly off to the south.   I'm also being told that the Blue Angels were delayed on the Sunday show.  Perhaps they saw this object on radar."
"((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no significant data.  PD))"
"1 bright light appearing for 1min before moving slightly to the right and vanishing completely I had been sitting in my backyard for 30-40 minutes gazing at the stars, when I saw an extremely bright light had appeared in an area that had been clear prior til now.  It was brighter and bigger than any star in the sky and had a slight yellow tint.   It sat stationary for nearly 1 minute before moving a short distance to the right, then vanishing completely.  Just like the light from a bulb does when you flip off a light switch, it was just gone."
"My sister pointed out that something was moving in the sky, and I figured I\u2019d check it out.  My sister focused on one of them, and I focused on both and my older sister also focused on it.  I basically saw it with the light pollution; otherwise, I would have not even seen it.   Two sphere objects going at similar speeds just drifting my sis and relatives all saw it.  It wasn\u2019t a plane because I know the lights they carry."
"I was outside in an open hallway, between two one story buildings, the ground lights illuminated from below street the underside of the single craft.  I saw it completely when it passed into view from first building and crossed out of view from the second building.  It was black, like the night sky above it.  It was possibly 200 hundred feet above me.  It was completely silent as it glided directly above my position, travelling probably 10-15 MPH.  25-35 feet long on each side.  Equally spaced dim yellow lights on side it propelled itself from. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 Unidentified objects appear on photo. I took this photo with my cellphone camera. When I put it on my computer to print, I noticed 3 objects that seem to be suspended in mid-air. I enlarged the image and I believe what I see are 3 UFO's. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Aircraft flying very low.  Could not see the shape of it at night.  It had wing tip lights red/green two center \"headlights.\"   Aircraft flying very low.  Could not see the shape of it at night.  It had wing tip lights red/green two center \"headlights.\"  It was traveling very slow only a couple hundred feet up at most, and was completely silent."
"Array of several bright white lights traveling north to south. Very large craft. Previously spotted same craft 2 weeks prior w/fireball Tonight I sighted a number of bright white lights crossing the sky moving north to south, seen on the western horizons.  These bright lights were spaced evenly at a considerable amount of distance from the next.  All seven lights moved in perfect unison and were traveling in a perfectly straight line.  This, as well as, a quiet but definite low hum that indicated an overpassing aircraft could be heard as it passed.  This hum from the craft was an echoing sound and gave the impression that this craft was very big.  Possibly 1/4 to 1/2 mile long suspecting these numerous lights made one large combined craft.  This was not the first time I have spotted this craft. About two weeks ago on this day in the same direction, traveling the same way, I and four other witnesses sighted this craft moving at a slightly faster rate.  About one hour later of that same night, in the direction of which the earlier craft had moved out of eyesight, an extremely bright and large emission of an orange fireball erupted through the sky moving horizontally in the sky north to south with an orange trail traveling behind.  The fireball dissipated within 4 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 separate sightings of bright orange objects in the sky over Phoenix Possible UFO Sighting  Date of incident: 9/29/14 Time: starting approx. 2150 \u2013 2155 hours Duration: approx. 15-20 seconds Number of objects: 3 ( 3 separate sightings spaced approx. 30 \u2013 45 seconds apart) Location: North Phoenix/Glendale area, Maricopa County, Arizona Direction of travel:  Objects traveled from the Northwest to the Southeast Color and shape: Bright orange, round in color  Summary On 9/29/14 at approx. 2050 hours I was sitting outside on my back patio when I observed a bright orange round object moving slowly across the sky traveling at a slow rate of speed coming from the Northwest and went towards the Southeast.  I observed it for approx. 15 \u2013 20 seconds.  The orange object was not flickering or flashing but the all of a sudden the light went out and I could still see a dark image for a brief moment  and then it disappeared. Approx. 30 -45 seconds later I observed a second object with the same description as the first traveling the same trajectory.. Then the orange light went out about 15 \u2013 20 seconds later and  I could not see the object afterwards. I then ran into the house and got my cell phone camera. Again, approx. 15  seconds later I observed a 3rd object, same as the first two traveling the same course and manner. I recorded this object on my cell phone and again the light went out and again I could see the object briefly but I could not see the shape or where it disappeared to. The weather was clear and the temperature was approx. 70 -75 degrees at the time. I did not see any aircraft in the area. It should be noted that Luke AFB is located approx. 20 miles to the southwest of my location and the F-16\u2019s usually do night training from about 2100 \u2013 2230 hours and you could see and hear them but there were no military aircraft at the time of my observations. On the video I gave the description as possibly as flares but none of the three objects flickered or left a smoke trail. As of this writing I have not seen anything on the news or the web."
"triangle SHIP 60 to 80 feet high,SPEED 3 TO 5 MPH,I SAW IT ALL,.................... In 1985 i had to be at work early,so my seft,wife,frank went to help.arriving at the job site me began to unload the loader when I,standing on the loader I look up and out at the tree line and there before me was a SHIP it was no more than 60-80 feet off the ground,it had no sound,i was so close that i could see in side,what i call the coxpit;I have told others,I have been told to shut up,it don't work.        THEIR IS MORE BUT ONE STEP AT A TIME. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We cannot be certain as to whether this is intended to be a serious report.  PD))"
"I was with my well my ex..but its complicated will hr was walking me home and I saw something really bright that caught my eye and it was down thing really bright.  Covered white with some really bright light like blue and some other color I dont know what color I was just just such in shocked and it was like going down really fast and it was only in the sky for 3 or 4 sec.  And it just disappeared out of no where.   I told him and he said that he also saw the same thing elier the day but he thought he was just tripping but now he knows what he saw is real.  I saw about this in the news a few days ago but I thought they were just lies no after seeing it with my own eyes im just shocked and cant be live what I saw but I know it was no letter or comet or shooting star. I knew it was as a UFO and its not a I think it was its a I know it was."
"Blue streak flash in sky Driving to work and the sky lit up, looked out driver side window up in sky and seen a bright blue streak appear and disappear with no tail like from a meteor or anything."
"My friend and I were at a graduation party at a friend's house in Valley Center (Just a little North East of Wichita) we were out by the cars talking about random stuff.  (THERE WAS NO DRINKING AT THE PARTY... EVERYONE WAS SOBER) There was a light wind, but not too strong.  We were sitting on the hood of my car; Nick's girlfriend just went inside.  We weren\u2019t looking up but we noticed something.  We got really quiet.  There was literally no sound what-so-ever.  The dogs, horses, and all other stuff were utterly quiet.  What we saw were three lights.  (JUST LIKE THE ONE ON THE IMAGE YOU HAVE FLYING OVER THE OUTLINE OF MISSOURI)  It came in from the north and made no sound at all.  It flew directly south... STRAIGHT SOUTH!!!  It moved extremely slowly.  It made a hard right turn and it was at this time that it broke the speed it had moved at the whole time.  It moved faster, but not real fast.  We watched it go toward the horizon until we couldn\u2019t tell the dif! ference between it and the stars.  When it passed overhead, it was low enough that the lights from the garage seemed to reflect off of it.  Literally, it seemed to be only a few hundred feet off the ground.  I have to say, it made NO SOUND AT ALL.  Until it turned, it never broke speed.  In turning, it didn't actually turn.  but just changed directions.  It was unmistakably a triangle.  CLEARLY TRIANGULAR.  See, in Wichita there is an Air Force Base (McConnell AFB) talked about it for a while.  We both thought when it flew overhead that it was a B2 Bomber, but IT MADE NO SOUND and when it turned, we knew it wasn't a bomber.  We know what we saw.  I haven't talked to myfriend in a year, but I\u2019m sure I could get a hold of him.  If you want any more information, I\u2019d be glad to give it to you.  I told my parents and some friends about it, but it wasn't until I saw your logo that I thought someone would believe me.  NOTE: Follow up yielded no additional info except that it was as big as a 747. additional witness could not be locted. The logo he is talking about is the logo on the MIG - Missouri Investigators Group website. http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD))"
"Reddish orange light in the sky We were sitting in our front yard watching of our neighbors set off fireworks when we notice an odd light unlike any of the fireworks seen.   We saw a reddish-orange light traveling horizontal in the sky in a way that no firework can possibly move and it produced no sound other than a very faint hum.  The light proceeded, stopped and hovered for a few moments and ascended vertically and disappeared.  Moments later a second light appeared and did the exact same movements of the first."
"MADAR Node  151"
"UFO hiding in moving mist/cloud over Cook Inlet. A mist like fog or dust/smoke looking cloud hanging over the Cook Inlet and hazing and moving over the water about 40 feet above ground level.  It is too warm for mist or fog and  it does not smell like smoke and no dust is blowing.  Made a few commercial airlines divert from the airport for unknown reasons besides that  they fly in over the inlet.  Yet they can fly in and navigate through thick winter ice fog.  One plane diverted to local Air Force base. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I have pics of spherical metal objects. After watching unacknowleged the other day, I took the opportunity to observe the sky while at work as a pool monitor.  A fewer hours later I saw an object appear from the distant sky.  As it became more visible I was able to see it more clearly, it seemed to suddenly split in to two aircraft.  I have pics.  Could it be to helicopters traveling in unison?"
"My late uncle had two very unusual sitings he detailed in this video:  \"WWII B-17 Pilot Paranormal Experiences Ghost Plane and Fly\u2026\" Link:  http://youtu.be/Of4ZbWi3zwk ((NUFORC Note:  We have watched the video, and found it to be quite interesting.  The pilot who tells the story seems to us to be quite credible.  Worth watching!!  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"September 11, 2015, 2:50 PM.   At about 2 PM Eastern Standard ((sic.  Daylight)) Time today, I was going out of my house to retrieve my mail, and I noticed an object in the sky that looked very similar to a dirigible, or so called cigar-shaped UFO.  The front of my house overlooks a panoramic view of eastern Scranton, Pennsylvania.  I estimate the object I saw was as big as a jetliner and it was dark silver in color moving very slowly from north to east about 20 miles per hour, then turned and headed west and out of sight from my position.  I would say I saw the object for about 2 to 3 minutes and it really startled me so I quickly came back in my house and grabbed my I phone 5 to take a photo. I would say the object probably flew near the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre airport and was in front of Montage Mountain. I notified security at the airport of the sighting at about 2:20 PM and I am awaiting someone to at least call me back, and so far no one has done so. The elevation of the object from my location was about 15 degrees, the height of the object from the ground I estimate to be about 3,000 feet up.  The distance from my location to the object I saw may have been 5 to 8 miles away.  In respect to the size of the sun, I would say this object could have been about 80 feet long or more and about 20 feet high.  The object made no sound. I will attempt to draw the object that I saw with this report and try to send it separately in an email."
"Lighted disk stops overhead Lighted disk flew from west to east above high broken cirrostratus, stopped directly overhead, then accelerated quickly eastbound. Five second duration.  I was out walking in the dark, got scared, and went home. I think the sighting should be reported to include in your stats."
"Pulsing, rotating red and green lights with flashes of white light in NE sky every night One object, seen for nine months, appeared to be high altitude in the NW sky, after sunset.  It looked round in shape with red and green pulsating, possibly rotating lights with flashes of white light angled down at 45 degrees. One witness has been watching since December of 2010.   For months, it stayed stationary in the sky.  In the last few weeks, it started slowly moving each night to the NW. She was reluctant to tell anyone until someone else mentioned seeing it. Another witness saw it for the first time about two weeks ago.  The first night she saw it, about 9:00 pm, a small plane from the East appeared to fly towards it, than made a U turn away from the object. The other two witnesses, both seeing the lights in the last two weeks, saw the same things. ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius??  PD))"
"10/15/89 Bright fast moving light over valley west of Glennallen, Alaska Extreme bright light moving East to South West across a wide valley.  This was AFTER is was right behind my parked car.  I was driving back to Anchorage, it was late, and I parked in a rest area about 25 miles from Glennallen, Alaska.  No houses or buildings for several miles from the rest or pull off area. A large tractor trailer truck, that had not been there when I pulled into the rest area, was there after the bright light (which gave off a loud humming noise) shot off toward the South West.  I had gotton out of the car to try to figure out what was going on. I was very suprised to see the truck.  I didn't hear it come into the rest area, and it was parked 20-30 feet from the front of my Audi sedan.  I ran to the driver's door on the truck. The driver just looked at me and said something like you see things out here at night that no one would believe, or words to the effect.  I was pretty excitited at the time. This happened 18 years ago.  I had no idea who to tell it to or report it to until seeing something about the National UFO Reporting Center on TV last night on the History Channel.  Also, I was concerned about saying anything to anyone other than my wife as it could have effected my professional life. I did not see what looked like a craft.  The light was so bright and it moved so fast I was simply stunned.  The humming noise was very loud.  I can only descpribe is a \"electrical\" in nature.  No other way to describe the sound other than the volume. I believe there is more to this.  However, in an effort to keep from sounding like I'm crazy I will leave this report as is.  It was the strangest experience of my life.  I do not drink or do drugs.  Never have.  It would be possible for someone to think I was under the influance after giving the full details of the incident.  I don't believe I was abducted.  However, the truck and driver and electrical problems (which cured themselves) with the car would tend to make it look like I was abducted or came close. To this day I have no idea what happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"June 12, 2016  A UFO was photographed in my back yard, May 28, 2016, at 9:30 PM.  It was caught on my game night camera.  I live outside of town, and I am concerned about our pet's safety from coyotes. It would seem to be about two feet in diameter and maybe three inches in thickness.  It seemed to be a circle. I have one photo which I lightened on my computer.  It was a very dark night.  I can see from that improvement it is inside my yard. I wonder if this can be a drone?   Please share information regarding this UFO if there is any. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photo, and suspect that the object is not an alien space craft.  The quality of the copy sent to NUFORC is not high, but it appears to us as though the object of interest is in the near field of the camera, and probably is relatively small.  PD))"
"My wife and I saw a circle object that looked like a star moving northwest.  As it moved across the sky it got really bright two different times.  Then it looked like it stopped and then just disappeared.   We have no idea what it was.   On another night, about a month ago, we saw two objects in the same area of the sky that looked like stars but they were moving really fast then disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red sphere moved across the sky in a straight line.  After like a minute it would shoot some sort of flares straight down.  For sure it didn't look like a plane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Did anyone else see a bright light with a tail in Portsmouth, Virginia?  I have some video.  Looked like a comet."
"Bright flash of light, turning to pinpoint  of light that traveled silently and quickly through night sky of NH. At 9:40 pm, husband and wife were meteor watching when a bright flash of white light (as if someone snapped a photo with a large flash) from the Southern sky caught our attention. We noted a small pinpoint of light traveling quickly from the flash\u2019s point of origin. The object was too high to be a plane and silent. It traveled in an arc overhead at a steady rate of speed from South to North until we lost sight of it over the mountains into Canada.  We originally thought that it might be the space shuttle, but after checking the NASA channel realized the shuttle was still docked at the space station and not orbiting. We are first time posters and have never seen anything prior to last night to warrant a report. Interested to know if other people witnessed anything similar in the area."
"Noticed white circles in the sky of a Snapchat picture I took of the sky there alos in a video from that day I was out with my boy muding in his Jeep and the clouds were crazy looking so I took a picture for my Snapchat story.  The next day I was looking at the picture and noticed there were 2 little white dots in the right corner of the sky close to the tree line next to a water tower.  I then noticed another little white circle in the far left corner of the picture.  When I zoomed in on that I saw 2 more little white dots far away only visible by zooming in down and to the right of the one on the far left, there is alos another one to the left of the 2 little ones I just mentioned.  The bottom one to the right of the water tower seems to have what looks like a visible shawdow on the bottom witch suggest it is really there in the sky.  I alos have 2 on video moveing in the sky in snaps o took of us driveling the Jeep.  You can clearly see one move over the water tower and one move super fast across the sky.  I didn\u2019t see that at first in the video but was able to by going! trew it frame by frame in my camera roll but you can see it in real time once youve seen it frame by frame."
"I wanted to report an interesting sighting that occurred at 13:00 hours(1:00pm) on December 14 2008 in the towns of Gainesville/Haymarket Virginia, which is outside of Washington DC. I am a Meteorologist and amateur astronomer with many years of trained observation of the day and night time sky. I've added the 11:00am-2:00pm hourly weather report for the day the sighting occurred (1:00pm) and the Astronomical data for December 14 2008.  1:52 PM, Sun 14 December 2008  47\u00b0 28\u00b0  48%  30.45in 10mi 25000ft S13mph  0mph Broken Clouds  12:52 PM, Sun 14 December 2008  46\u00b0 27\u00b0  47%  30.45in 10mi 25000ft S13mph  0mph Broken Clouds  11:52 AM, Sun 14 December 2008  45\u00b0 25\u00b0  46%  30.5in 10mi 25000ft S17mph  24mph Broken Clouds  10:52 AM, Sun 14 December 2008  42\u00b0 28\u00b0  58%  30.53in 10mi 12000ft S13mph  0mph Broken Clouds  Astronomical Data for December 14, 2008: Rise:  Set:     Actual Time:  7:19 AM EST  4:47 PM EST Civil Twilight:  6:49 AM EST  5:17 PM EST Nautical Twilight:  6:15 AM EST  5:50 PM EST Astronomical Twilight:  5:43 AM EST  6:22 PM EST Moon:  7:08 PM EST (12/14)  9:22 AM EST (12/14)   Length Of Visible Light:  10h 27m Length of Day:  9h 28m      Waning Gibbous, 94% Moon Illumination  Sighting Report: I set out to walk my dog just as the 1:00 football games were beginning. As I walked into my backyard I was looking at the long contrails extending north to south across the deep blue sky. I soon noticed a lower flying aircraft flying from the northeast to the southwest. As I watched the aircraft I soon noticed a small white object following close behind it. Stunned at first, I starred at the object trying to figure out what this object could be. After a few seconds of observation I noticed the object was white in color and disk or orb like in appearance. While I watched the white disk it started swinging back and forth behind the airplane in a left to right type fashion. I wondered at first if I was seeing a big white bird, I quickly realized this was definitely not the case. As I watched the object swing left to right it all a sudden dove or dropped straight down and flew underneath the airplane for a few seconds, it then swung just under the plane to the left side and amazingly completely circled the airplane and then again trailed behind it. I was absolutely amazed at what I was seeing, it was at this point I thought to myself, do I have time to run inside and grab my camera. I hesitated at first thinking the object would be gone by the time I got back. Than I thought, I have to try because know one will believe me if I don't get a picture-so off I went running. I grabbed the camera, ran back outside and was just able to take a short video as the object disappeared over Haymarket toward the Bull Run mountains. I have tried to consider other explanations for this object but have been mostly unable to do so. The only possibility could be a in flight refuel for the air combats that are deployed to protect Washington DC airspace. I don't think this is much of a possibility since the aircraft the object was following was not military but a passenger plane. The white disk I saw was also not a conventional military aircraft. There wasn't any wings visible on the craft and the craft was more disk/orb like in appearance. I wanted to report this sighting to you in hopes that someone else in my area may have also seen this remarkable ariel display. I Thank You."
"I was walking with my friends when I saw a saucer shaped object hovering about 100 feet above the ocean. It had 8 red lights around it and one big red light in the middle. There was 1 and it went away about 5 minutes after I saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"5 glowing objects sighted in Tulsa. One of the five objects splits off into three seperate objects. Unbelievable!  My son and I sighted 5 objects in the night sky that were independant of each other over a 40 min. span.   We had sighted a vapor trail from an airliner moving east to west and noticed a glowing object approaching the airliner at high speed and accelerate around the airliner and disappear off in the distance. 3 times we observed this from one location.  We then drove home got out the binoculars and lawn chairs and sighted a 4th object moving at high speed east to west, we tried to get a bead on the object with the binoculars but, had a hard time getting a focus because of the velocity at which the object was traveling when all of a sudden it splits off into 3 seperate objects!  One of them appeared to bank off to a due south direction, and accelerate out of sight in seconds, looked like it jumped time. While the other two maintained there same velocity and banked off the northeast \"Stacked on top of each other.\"  We could never determine a shape or clean lines to the objects, they appeared as if they had an ullumination surrounding them that you couldn't make out a distinctness. Sky was exceptionally clear, no wind, probly 68 deg. F. Really neat sighting! Really nice machines!"
"Stainless and brown object over Montreal The event happened about five ago ( roughly mid mars) in Montreal (Canada) in Anjou suburb. I was heading to a mall at the corner of Chatillon and Joseph Renaud streets \u2013 Google earth 45\u2019 36\u201917.62 North - 73\u201932\u201945.43 West- when a saw the object. The air was clear, the sky was cloudless and a light wind could be felted. I was alone but it is probable that other people saw it. I live near a corridor often taken by commercial planes to land at Montreal Trudeau international airport; in the axis of the landing runway if you prefer. The object was taking the same corridor as if preparing to land on the runway to\u2026 But it was obvious than it was NOT an air craft \u2013 nether commercial, military, or a hot air balloon (or a children helium inflated balloon) \u2013 it was not affected by the wind like it would had normally done. The objet was perfectly spherical and divided in two vertically. The left \u2013 or front part- looked like well shined stainless steel.  The \u201crear part was light brown \u2013 or dark beige \u2013 a bit remembering leather. It size could be compared as a dime held at arm length. It flew a about the same speed and altitude than commercial plane, in total silence and was not affected by the wind \u2013 as a balloon would have probably done as I did said. Its direction was about east to west. I observed it for around 10 to 15 seconds. Ps. I will soon send a photo and a description of a sort of crop circle that appeared behind my father 25 years ago (and still there)   Truly yours, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Mother ship and small craft  above Atlanta Ga Bright object in sky,at first looked like a comet.  Watching close with binoculars could see it was not a comet but nothing I have ever seen before. This object was white in color and looked like a cigar.was moving slowly across sky towards the north but was moving up and down and side to side all this time.  Another small object could be seen as well with a white light that would flash ever now and then. The weather was mild with clear skies, and Monroe GA is about 30 miles north east of Atlanta Ga. We have all seen the planes coming and going from the Atl airport and these were no planes or helicopters. I'm a 46 year old over the road truck driver and have drove at night for years and never seen nothing close too this. Other witnesses include my wife, 45; son, 23; and his wife, 23. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile venting fuel in space.  PD))"
"Large pinkish Orb just beneath the Full Moon On August 7, 2017, at 8:49 PM, I was driving in Kapaa, Kauai.  The full Moon was out and I saw a very large bright white light nearby it.   I pulled over to snap a pic of the full Moon, but the bright object was not in sight when I snapped it.  However, when I checked the pic the next day, there was a HUGE pinkish orb just beneath the Full Moon.   I have no doubt it is a Galactic Craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red/Green light hovering before Gasworks fireworks. On the 4th of July at about 10:10pm, before the fireworks show at Gasworks Park, I was standing on Lakeview Blvd waiting for the fireworks show. I saw a red light come from the East heading West and stop over I-5 at the south end of Lake Union.  The light wasn\u2019t flashing, it was high in the sky and it hovered for about 10 minutes.  That was while the helicopter was  flying around with the American flag. Then at 10:20 pm, the fireworks started and the red light turned to green and headed East.  I didn\u2019t see it again."
"I observed an object in the north-easterly skies at approximately 4:30 pm on this Saturday. The object became evident when I was observing a private aircraft moving in a northwesterly direction; at the same time an airliner was above it moving in the same general direction towards San Francisco or Oakland airports. As the two aircraft moved and separated I noticed a third 'aircraft' behind and higher then either of the two I had been observing. Under clear blue skies what I thought was another jetliner was in full view and it was not moving and made no noise. It seemed odd that the craft could be so still and yet with the sun in the western skies it was clearly reflecting light as you would see in an aluminum like jet or airplane. I focused on the craft, with the naked eye, and I continued to observe it and clearly saw it was not moving. I deduced it could not possibly be a star because it was too early in the afternoon. I called to my wife to witness this but she declined, but I was able to hail my daughter. Unfortunately, she has a serious eye condition and could not see the object so I told her to bring down my binoculars which she did. With the binoculars I could see the object with more clarity and it appeared oval in shape and the bright aluminum-like reflection seemed to also show a red band? Without the aid of a tripod to steady the binoculars I was pressed to get a clear image. The object remained steady and did not move and I used a reference point to make this observation. I kept watching the object and then told my daughter to get my video cam-corder but she could not find it. After about 5 minutes I had to rest my eyes and had a hard time re-acquiring the object but I did and watched for a few minutes more with the binoculars now resting on the top of a camera tripod - my binoculars have no tripod attach point. Frustrated that no one else was there to witness this I hollered to my wife; as I was waiting for her - having taken my eyes off the object - I turned back to the are! a where the object was and could not locate it. After a few moments I was able to see it for one last time. Now it seemed to have moved away since it seemed much smaller than when I first saw it. By the time my wife came down I lost sight of the object and did not see it again.  I will add that in the general direction of the sighting you will find Travis AF base. From my backyard I will often see military aircraft on occasion; however, my military background and understanding of aircraft lead me to believe this was not a typical aircraft. It was too high and was absolutely still - no movement - and no noise.    I am a college educated person (B.A. San Jose State University - 1978)and majored in photo-journalism and am an x-military having served 3 years in the U.S. Army-Europe (1972-75)artillery unit 3/16 FA 8th Infantry Division. This is an honest statement of the event I witnessed on this date.  J. Rodriguez -"
"White light seen moving across the night sky I am a security officer at a summer camp for children just northeast of the city of Edmonton, and while on foot patrol, happened to look up at the night sky, admiring the stars when I noticed what appeared to be white light moving from south to north across the night sky.  I was standing facing west.  I can only describe this object as having looked like a large star or satellite but it was too low in the sky to be either. I initially thought is was a low flying aircraft but did not seen any flashing lights like red, green or white that would be visible on a plane.  It also did not make any sound.  I couldn't hear any engine noise or humming or anything. As it passed directly over me, it suddenly vanished as though the light had been turned off.  I followed its projected path and did not see it again.  I could not see it moving away from me at all.  It just wasn't there. At the time of the sighting, the sky was completely clear with stars clearly visible and the temperature was 9 degrees Celsius.   I have no explanation for what it was."
"5 large lights hovered above Ogden, Utah, before disappearing one by one. So at this time of year in Eden, it's still light outside, but the sun has gone under the mountains, so it's brightest around the rims of the mountains and fades darker as it gets further from the sun.  Basically dusk.  This type of lighting makes it very easy to see airplanes that typically fly over Ogden, because of the nearby SLC International Airport. I had just walked upstairs and sat on my bed, and I have a direct view of the mountains separating Ogden and Eden (Eden being where I was.)  There was a plane flying right over the North Ogden Divide, so I looked up from my laptop for a second to look at it for a moment. It was then that I noticed a strange formation of lights to the right of the plane. There were 5 lights, each one about a half of the size of the plane.  They were in a slightly curved formation.  Three of them were in a straight line, and there were two slightly lower than the others on either side of the three. It was so large I feel like it spanned about a mile, because it hovered over an entire mountain peak.  Each dot was completely unmoving.  The color of each dot was indescribable, and I'd never seen the color before.  At a glance it was white with a reddish hue, but then it was also blue or purple if you looked again.  It was as if it was all of those colors at once. Within a minute of me spotting it, it started disappearing one light by one, before it was gone completely. I'm not sure if it was a single craft or 5, because it was only seen as multiple lights. It was very bold and I noticed it the moment I looked up. It was just so bright and bold that I was surprised I wasn\u2019t getting fearful texts from my friends and news stories breaking out everywhere."
"Object with color changing lights in one small area but moving erratically. There is a light that seems to be hovering over the community college across from my house in Ontario Oregon.  It moves like a bug stuck in a jar, it has been in one spot for almost 30 minutes and the light changes from yellowish white to green to orange red.  I have never seen anything so crazy in my life."
"Extreemly Loud and Long Sonic Boom Hello,  I was sitting in my ground level apartment this morning at approximately 11 am when I hear a sonic boom.  I've lived near airports before so I've heard sonic booms before, but this one was unusually loud and long.  It last approximately 13 seconds, and was done so close to the ground that I could feel it though my wheeled chair.  It\u2019s very unusual for us to have sonic booms where I live, although the Salem airport does have military vehicles, and aircraft, it is located almost directly south from my apartment. The boom had an odd characteristic, I don't know if it\u2019s from how close to the ground it was, but there seemed to be a low level rumble that preceded it by a second or two followed by the usual explosion of sound a boom creates.  From how it sounded it was going from south to north, and as I said it took nearly 13 seconds for the boom to begin to fade.  Unfortunately, I wasn't dressed well enough to step outside to see what created the sound, but I can safely say I've never heard a boom happen like that before.  I'm lived in the apartment I'm in for 4 years, and lived around airports most of my life.  I lived near the Salem airport for 7 nearing 8 years, PDX the Portland International Airport for 10 years, and 10 years due west of the Hillsboro airport where the Blue Angels flew overhead during the airshow all 10 years I lived there.  I\u2019m no military expert, let me say that out front.  I\u2019ve worked in customer service most of my life, but have seen several different military vehicles living near the airports I\u2019ve lived in, and while I couldn\u2019t ID them, I am familiar with the booms they make.  I\u2019ve never heard one quite like what I heard today between the preceding rumble, the odd vibration to the boom, or the feeling of the chair under me vibrating slightly from it.  Hope this helps with all future ventures in to investigations."
"Classified Report  From Code Name: PITD I was in back yard and looked into sky and saw a small steady light it was hard to see.So I got my movie camera and zoomed in on the object.The Objest was clear and visible to the eye.This object was a mile big and american jets where flying by.For my safety i can not say anymore.I have to hours of footage very visible footage.I have shown this video to one person and hes a former veteran.  From Code Name: PITD"
"1 flat possible circle, 3 solid light blue lights.  Tailed by 2 military helicopters with 2 blinking red lights.  Traveling east bound from outer reading area through Oley Township.  Was traveling fairly quick but didn't appear to be atempting an escape as if it was leading them.  It was at a enough low altitude to see above the ufo.  It appeared fairly flat and and the three solid blue light span was 5 fold greater sized then the 2 military helicopters.   The sighting last approximately 45 seconds to a minute before losing sight over the hills in Earl Township. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was walking home from my grandfathers who lives next door to us with my mother.  She was already to the steps of the house when I looked up and saw a flashing green orb appear in the sky.  It was moving to erratically to be some sort of plane or helicopter.   I watched for a few moment caling for my mother to come and see this extraordinary sight.   By the time she arrived whatever had made an appearance had left as quickly as it had arrived.  As we started back toward the house, I look up one las time and I see it make one last appearance and shoot off into the distance.  I will remember this night as long as I live."
"Sited 5 exhaust trails, then a cigar shaped UFO appeared in front of them, after a bright flash it disappeared and the trails just stop This is a photo I shot on Malibu Canyon Rd. in California, taken 10-29-07 about 5:30PM. I was traveling to Eastern California from Malibu Beach and I saw five distinct trails of exhaust or smoke of some sort. This was very strange to me, because there was nothing in front of the exhaust to explain their appearance. They were appearing in strait lines and horizontal from each other from behind the hill. As far as I could tell, they were just appearing without logical explanation. I had never seen anything like it before. The trails were, like the exhaust you would see from an old steam engine\u2019s smoke stack. (puff, puff, puff) They were appearing all at the same time (five at a time) in a straight across pattern, appearing about every half a second or so, going upward at about a 45\u00ba angle, to the left. Not like a jet trail would leave behind it, in a (V) shape. The trails of exhaust didn\u2019t appear quickly, rather slow in my opinion. When I saw the trails, my camera was in the car trunk. I pulled over as soon as I could to get the camera. Before I had a chance to pull over, a shiny cigar shaped object appeared in front and center, of these exhaust trails for a split second and it was gone in a bright flash of light and the exhaust trails just stopped. The trails were quite far away, if I had to guess how far I would say about 1 to 1-1/4 miles or so, and the cigar shaped UFO, compared to the trees at the top of the hill, looked to be about the size of a school bus maybe bigger. From the time that I first saw the trails till the time of the flash it was about 6 or 7 seconds. By the time I could pull over to get my camera the remains of the trails had started to dissipate and are not as sharp in the photo as when I first saw them. As close as I can tell from my research, the object was coming from the valley east of the small town of Monte Nido, California , near Piuma Rd. Note: The Valley is called Dark Canyon\u2026  As a young child and as a young adult I have also seen other things in the sky but, to me, I have always been able to dismiss these other sightings with some kind of rational explanation, (weather balloons, shiny silver planes at sun rise or other things...) but not this one.  I have attached the photo and some Google Earth images to calibrate the location. My photo and the Google Earth photo image are as close to the same location as I could get Google earth to get me there. I have also included several Google Earth, \"top down shots\" of the valley, were I think that the UFO took off from. The first top down is from the opposite direction of the original shot and shows were the picture was taken from, the second one shows an area (to the best of my calculations) the place were the UFO took off from. In this area you will notice some buildings and some other objects that are of interest. First you will see a large area at the top of one of the hills near the buildings that has been whited out (by Google) or covered with a white covering of some sort. (Not sure) Also you see a circular shape that is very large and has some interesting shadows around it. I don\u2019t think that this is a pool, maybe a horse corral. Maybe it is a large door or cover of some sort. Your guess is as good as mine. With all the UFO stuff that is surfacing I thought that I should send in this shot."
"Low flying black cylinder without any lights or noise At approximately 0430 in the morning I was driving eastbound along an access road of a decommissioned government facility.  I approached a four way intersection and glanced up through my windshield and saw what looked like a black in color cylinder shaped aircraft without wings gliding through the sky with no running lights on it.  The movement of the object through the sky caught my attention and by the time I got out of my vehicle and attempted to get a better view, the object had passed out of my field of view in a southeast direction.   The craft appeared to be under a thousand feet in altitude and the glow from the street lights must have been reflecting off of it so I could just make out the shape, color and apparent speed.   The speed of the craft was relatively slow and it appeared to be gliding along and there wasn\u2019t the sound of an aircraft\u2019s engine at any time.  By the last seen direction of the craft I would guess it would have passed between Rattlesnake Mountain and the town of West Richland, WA.  The Hanford Site is located approximately 30 miles northwest of Richland, a town in the southeastern portion of Washington State.  I\u2019m a full time employee for the primary contractor on the Hanford Site."
"v formation of lights in outer space turning 90 degrees I was stationed at Cold Lake Alberta air force base and was partying with numerous people at a large lake late at night. The sky was crystal clear and there were billions of stars.  I was star gazing and noticed a v formation of 5 lights in outer space. They were moving very fast across the heavens and they suddenly stopped on a dime, turned 90 degrees (while still in formation), and accelerated at high speed until they were out of our sight.   I pointed it out to approx. 18 people that were with me and they were all amazed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"A bright UFO jumps out of a wormhole/portal and possibly abducts a young man  500 Lights On Object0: Yes I believe in 2006 I was abducted by extraterrestrials in Clarksville,Tennessee in the early morning hours of early December around 3:30 or 4:30am. I was asleep in my room then awoke and felt like I immediately needed to get up and do something so I got up to go smoke a cigarette in my garage because it had been cold outside for the past two weeks but as I got closer to the garage door I heard a voice in my head say &quot;YOU NEED TO GO OUTSIDE&quot; So, I said speaking a pond what I had just heard&quot;YOUR RIGHT LET ME GO OUTSIDE&quot; so I turned around and went out my back door and as I stepped out the door I noticed that the sky was crystal clear it appeared as if every star in the sky was visible. As I looked to the left I saw what appeared to be something like a rainbow it was purple and pink and it sat right above a tall tree in my neighbor's back yard. It looked like a snakes body when it slithers but not going from West to East but from South to Nor! th above the tall tree and it also appeared as if it was transparent so I said to my self thinking what is that I've never seen that before. Then I looked off to the right of me still scanning the sky hoping I would see a UFO but I didn't so I turned back to look at the strange colors thinking I'm going to watch whatever this is to see if it disappears or fades away and as soon as my eyes locked on the strange colors a circular ball of light surrounded by a neon green and blue gas or plasma substance which stayed around the helicopter sized craft the entire time shot out at super sonic speed and made a complete stop the craft hovered for app 10 seconds and then started to move really really slow to the right of me for about 7 to 10 seconds before shooting off in super sonic speeds without making a sound and left behind 6 circles that look like smoke rings with lines in between each of them. As I turned my head the object appeared to be coming back in the opposite direction ! except this time it appeared to be far out with the stars and ! traveled out as far as I could see within 5 seconds so by this time i was crying like a baby because I couldn't believe what had just happen to me so I stepped up on my stairs to the house and looked up to the sky and asked &quot;GOD IF THAT WAS MEANT FOR ME AND IF YOU MEANT FOR ME TO SEE THAT WOULD YOU PLEASE SHOW ME ANOTHER SIGN? And as soon as I said that a smaller circular ball of light flew right over my house lower than the UFO with noun of the same characteristic as the UFO except for how bright and illuminated they both were.  couldn't handle it any more so while still crying and in complete shock I went in my room and laid down and felt such a sense of peace that I had a smile on my face from ear to ear and it felt like I was dying and leaving my body then I blacked out within a minutes or less saying oh my GOD oh my GOD. Then I woke up around 10:30am the next morning looking around thinking OK I'm in my room and I jumped up thinking to my self oh my GOD that really did happen to me last night so while in the shower I felt a bump underneath my right arm pit and quickly got out the shower to look at whatever it was knowing that it hadn't been there the morning before or months before or years prior to the event that took place last night. The bump appeared to have a oval black burn mark in the center. The bump went down after two years but now you can clearly see a whole and what appears to be an object perfectly placed in the center where the black mark once was. It is still underneath my arm as ! of this day and it is going on 6 years now. It appeared as if I was burnt by a laser or injected with a hot needle at first but now it appears as if I was implanted with something that Dr Roger Leir studies but it has never caused me any discomfort. All I want is some help so I can understand what happen to me that night. This is my honest to GOD truth. I also have a picture of the mark that's underneath my arm and two picture's I took of a UFO on my birthday March 27 of 2009"
"Huge white orb seen falling to Earth near Barstow, Ca I was driving South on I-15 and had just passed Barstow, CA. There were many cars on the road (Labor Day) and it was around 10pm.  The Moon was to my left and behind me.   Suddenly I saw a huge, round, white light, as big as the Moon but much brighter, materialize out of nowhere in front of me to the left in the night sky.  It quickly fell to the earth and disappeared.    All of the cars on the Fwy saw it when I did and people started slamming on their brakes and swerving off the road. I almost hit the car in front of me!  It happened so fast I barely had time to double take and yell , \"Did you see that?\" to my daughter.  It was awesome!"
"fire ball over ormond beach fl My husband and I had just eaten a seafood dinner on our last night of our mini vacation. We decided to take a stroll on the beach before going up to the room for the night.  We were standing out by the pool of our hotel watching the ocean.  There was a mild breeze and we had just looked at the phone clock it was 9:02 pm.  I pointed to my husband at a strange orange light ball in the sky. It was moving south to north in a slow straight pattern.  It looked like a fireball and lit the sky up.  It made no sound.We watched it move horizontally for 30 seconds and then it just disappear."
"A teardrop shaped UFO rose from a small pond, hovered for a moment at the treeline, charged up, and accelerated into the SE sky. After a somewhat boring evening with 3 friends and I, we decided to go climb speak the word baptist church in a somewhat secluded area in Golden Valley. We picked this location because it was between a pair of ponds and there were limited residential homes so we could be loud and attend our activity freely. We parked about 2 blocks from the church (on kentucky ave s) in order to avoid getting the attention of any passing police vehicles that commonly passed the church parking lot. As we headed southbound on kentucky ave s, I noticed that through the thin tree line, there was wider than tall tear drop shaped object rising out of the water at a rate of about two feet per second. The object had three lights in a triangular arrangement on the bottom; facing about 30 degrees from a vertical plane equally away from each other. The lights were bright enough to see the beams clearly, and we were about 200 feet away at this point, as we were walking toward the object! which was directly through the thin tree line at the end of the block. My friends were distracted by conversation, but as I walked about 20 feet behind them I began to call out \"hey! guys look at that!\". At roughly seconds within that moment the object had reached a stand still, hovering barely a foot above the tree line. Just as my friends were attempting to locate the object I so clearly witnessed rise from the water, a charging sound came from the object, similar to \"zwooooOOOP!\". Then the sky was illuminated by a flash from the object and the object accelerated away towards the south eastern sky in a 20 degree incline at a horizontal plane at an astonishing rate of what seemed to be just below the speed of sound. The only reason I state this seeming speed is due to the chugging brake like sound that came from the object as it accelerated from hovering above the pond. Any faster rate of acceleration and a sonic boom would have likely made for a rude ! awakening of the residents in the area. We proceeded to discus! s the ev ent and climb the church anyway. I will never forget what I saw that night, especially the minute I witnessed the scientifically unexplained event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 white lights in triangle formation moving sw to ne (poss NOSS sats but shape /details differ from other reports) on the evening of may 10, 2004, 3 friends and i drove out to la cienaga lake on the white mountain apache reservation. it was clear,  very dark and very cold. we could see a campfire on the other side of the lake. several minutes after we arrived a friend set up his camera (very slow shutter speed) to take a starry night photo. approx 10 to 15 minutes after this we witnessed a white/blue \"meteor\"? moving north to south, horizontally. as the excitement died down from this we decided to see if anything else was in the night shy. the prior evening we had pulled off the 260 at this spot but decided it was too cold and that we would return dressed more appropriately. within moments of the most doubtful of the 4 us commenting; \"well, if we're gonna see something it better happen fast because i'm freezing my as_ off\" the professional photographer in our group sat up and shouted \"there\" he was pointing to the sw and once all 4 us had aquired the three white lights we watched them move in a triangle formation with the first light at a slighly longer distance that the back two. we determined there was no occlusion so they were 3 seprate lights/objects. we watched them continue to move ne very slowly for approx 3-5 minutes. they then faded from view. there was no sound. we screamed, jumped up and down and were excited but slightly overwhelmed. we all compared what we had seen and decided to stay and look longer. another 30+ minutes passed and we then left as it was too cold. the following day (5/11/2004) we read about the mexican af event. we informed many of this event but never filed a report. a special on the phx lights brought me to your site as i haven't looked at it for quite awhile. the number of events in az in the early part of june 2004 have convinced me to file today for any more info."
"Location: On top of Magnolia in Seattle. Eyres Pl W.  Looking North  Time: 11:40 PM PST  It was a perfectly clear and still Seattle night without a cloud in the sky or a breeze and a very bright moon.  As I got out of my car I observed 6 reddish/orange fireball type orbs in a formation looking to the north from the top of Magnolia as I stood by my car on the sidewalk.  They were just above the tree elevation on the horizon of the sky at first.  They were solid reddish/orange lists and were not blinking. They were north of my location in Magnolia. The appeared to be in a formation with fairly equal spacing between them.  They were totally silent and appeared to be slowly moving south towards me from the north.  They appeared to be at 5000 feet or so and then they started elevating from there to the north of Magnolia. It was difficult to judge the exact elevation they were however.  It appeared to be about the same height that a low plane would be. When I first noticed them, at first I thought they were just the blinking red lights on the radio towers on the top of Queen Anne Hill as they were at about that height in the sky. I then looked to my east and observed the Queen Anne blinking red radio tower lights and quickly realized that these reddish/orange fireball orbs were something totally different than the Queen Anne radio tower lights as they were to the north and there are no radio towers to the north of my location on Magnolia. These orbs were different as they were not blinking and were a solid reddish/orange color and they were moving. I observed these orbs for approximately 10 mins as they slowly came north from the south and slowly elevated from their original elevation keeping in formation. One orb after the other elevated (one at a time)to a certain elevation point in the sky maybe 10,000 feet closer to my location than at first. When each one got to the same higher elevation point in the sky each one of them disappeared at about the same point in the sky (one by one) until they had all disappeared by 11:50 PM PST. They made ! no sound. Normally in Magnolia there is lots of plane air traf! fic that I observe from this vantage point of planes taking off and landing as they fly over the city of Seattle in approach for landing or after takeoff from SeaTac Airport to the south as this location I was at in Magnolia is right over the flight path to the SeaTac airport from the north. I made a point to look around in every direction while I was viewing the orbs looking for air traffic and there were no planes that I observed during this 10 minute sighting while the orbs were present. This was very strange as it is very normal to hear and see planes flying over this location in Magnolia all the time. I noticed that no sooner as soon as the last orb had disappeared above me that I saw and heard several airplanes fly over the area as was normal. It was as if the orbs saw the planes coming and disappeared just before they arrived.  I am a 43 year old Regional Manager for a HR Software Company. I have had three jobs in 20 years out of college. My mother has lived in Magnolia for 20 years and I stay with her frequently and no the area well and the air traffic patterns of planes in the area. These orbs were not planes or helicopters as they were solid lights, moved slow in a formation, and were totally silent. They were not flares either because flares come down and these orbs were going up and keeping in formation. I have never seen anything like them before."
"Metalic Pyramid like object seen over Tampa Florida Downtown in daylight. I'm a 31 year old female.  I Spotted a highly reflective, metallic pyramid like object hovering around the Hotel Floridan in day light at Tampa Downtown.  Appeared to be 5x5 feet in height and width.   The object rotated slowly showing it's flat metallic surfaces, reflecting the sun on its panels.  I watched it slowly move down from the sky in the distance towards the building 15 floors up from my apartment.   At first I thought it was a helicopter but as it got closer, I noticed it looked nothing like it.  I then tried to see if it was a balloon.  But when I saw it move in a zig zag movement going up, down, left and right, I scratched that idea too.  I watched it move up and down along the building and then quickly move off into the horizon, changing its speed as it eventually zipped upwards into the sky.  I'm hoping other's saw this object too. Very strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Additional Info for the Friday Oct. 25th 10:30PM Sighting of 2 UFOs in Seaside Park NJ off the Ocean front Add this to my previous report.  The crafts must have been USA airplanes or from earth since both had a red light on top.  Odd thing is that they were totally silent even though 500 feet above ground and about the width of 2 city blocks away traveling fast.  Since they were heading toward me could explain that I could only see bright lights.  This could have been their head lights.  However, why would anyone trying to conceal their identity travel with all lights on and a red light on top ?  Also the next morning the beach coastline had fishermen and their SUVs all side by side in front of my house.  Fish run in August I thought even though some people have told me that the fish run in late October.  That night I saw a shooting star that headed in the direction of where those 2 UFOs came from.  So another ship may have joined them or was trying to hook up with them.  I read another report that someone else further down the Barrier Island where I saw this als! o saw a UFO 2 nights earlier.  I think someone should check Island Beach to see if any ships landed there.  Probably too difficult since it is all bush or brush and sand which the wind and ocean could easily cover the landing marks.  There is also many marsh areas to easily cover landing marks.  My hunch is that there crafts were from Earth,  However, the unanswered question is why them did the 2 crafts travel so fast so low and so silently ?  No sound at all and there was barely any breeze that night to prevent the sound from traveling to me."
"bright orange flare like objects moving very slowly in night sky Witnessed six to eight very bright orange circular objects in a semi straight line over Sarasota Florida at around 7:38 pm on 2/11/2017.  A few seemed to fade out and back in while others stayed very bright (could be from clouds but it seemed crystal clear out).    About 2 hours later that evening I could smell what seemed to be gum powder or the smell right after fireworks and the area had a heavy haze near the ground.  This event happened within a few mile of the coast line so not sure if maybe the Coast Guard accidentally dropped some flares or not....they have not said anything that I have heard at this time.  Note:  this happened within a mile of SRQ airport."
"2 spacecraft and huge blue light in the sky I was just heading home and while driving on the freeway on 410 going west I saw the triangular spacecraft(one only at first on my right side) cruising at medium speed high up in the sky definately looking/waiting for something. My intuition felt that there was some sort of rare threat as I also saw a few more law enforcement than usal on the freeway, so  thought this could've been an advance military spacecraft or something on the lookout..    But then the second one showed up looking the same as the first on my left.  They had some distance but were pretty close to each other basically facing each other at a perfect line for a few minutes...until this huge blue light filled the sky for just a second.  This light was so powerful and bright and seemed like some kind of explosion."
"There were 4 lights equal distance from each other in the dark sky that rotated clockwise slowly and steadily.  We observed for about 20 minutes and it never move from its position just kept spining.  I do have video and pictures. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Square lights above South Mountain in Boonsboro, MD at 21:45. This was located in the same spot as another UFO (as far as I know) the same day.   It looked like four dots in a squared postion close together.  They were very bright.   I do know of a military base in the area of the sighting.   I can't provide too much info because is went away shortly after I saw it.  It was \"fire colored.\"  By that I mean it was orange and flickering yellow and red.  It was directly above South Mountain.  The sky was dark and very slightly coudy.  The moon was shining bright.  It creeped me out as much as my rottweiler."
"Several orange glowing rectangles moving along same flight path. Summary:  At 9:30 PM Eastern, 8/12/2015, several adults & children  observed rectangular shaped objects glowing orange in color moving along a straight flight path from N/NW to S/SE direction.  Location was eastern shore of Brantingham Lake, town of Greig, Lewis county, New York State, approximate Latitude of 43.7 & Longitude of 75.28.  Similar objects were observed the following 2 nights at approximately the same time along the same flight path.  Each night was calm, no precipitation, temperature in the 60s.  Several IPhone photos and videos were taken. Details:  At approximately  9:18 PM Eastern on  8/12/2015, we observed first object  overhead, directly above, traveling at constant rate of speed.  Was observed for approximately one minute until out of view  out of view to the S/SE.  See photograph 1 at 9:18 PM  taken from an I Phone 6. 5  minutes latter a second object, same size & color moving along the same flight path and at the same speed was observed  in the N/NW sky that went overhead and then out of sight a minute later to the S/SE.  See Photograph 2  at 9:23 PM from an IPhone 6. Also a number of videos were made of the first 2 objects . Then approx. 4 minutes later a third object was observed identical to the first two but smaller in size.  No sounds were made.  There were no other observable aircraft  or objects in the sky.  Observed by 5 adults and several children. At approximately 9:17 PM Eastern on 8/13/2015, the first object was observed in the S/SE sky traveling in the OPPOSITE direction but along the approximately  SAME flight path as the objects observed on 8/12/2015.  See Video at 9:17 PM 8/13/2015. See Photographs at 9:18. A second object was observed at 9:24 PM. See photographs at 9:24 and video at 9:25 PM. This second object was larger than any of the previously observed objects but all other facets are the same (color,speed, shape). See Photographs at 9:25.  A third object (the same size as the first object that night  and all the same characteristics as the first object)   was observed at 9:37 PM. At approximately 9 PM, the first of 3 objects was observed moving along a flight path somewhat close to the previous 2 nights but in the SAME direction as the first night (8/12/2015) N/NW to S/SE.  See video from 8/14/2015.  A photograph with a traditional shutter camera was taken of the 2nd object observed.  The shape appears to be a glowing rectangle however the detailed zoomed photo shows differently: an orange \u2018line\u2019 in the shape of a backwards S.  Again, no sounds observed.  There were no objects observed on 8/15/2015. We left the camp Sunday 8/216/2015. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Saucer shaped aircraft levitates over witnesses and reveals it's definite shape while speeding off afterwards Dawn had been breaking and I had been looking over to the horizon only to notice an aircraft roaming around.  I believed that it was a mere helicopter in patrol but it begun to elevate and move towards our general direction. The Lights emitted were Red and Blue, which did not flash simultaneously in accordance to the common pattern regular to military/Police patrol aircrafts. The red lights flashed three times and then the blue light in the center flashes along with it.  Then it changed to multiple red flashes and some minimal blue flashing. I called my neighbor over to look and we immediately pause. The Aircraft flew above us. My neighbor and I were perplexed because it was above us and it became clear to us what it is.  I would say it was a couple hundred feet or less, but then the most astonishing event occurs. The lights emitted from the aircraft revealed its definite shape, which appeared to look like a saucer with an extruded block in the center of it. The sides of the saucer had strips of red lights. Three of them exactly in both sides with one blue strip of light mixed with white in the center of the extruded block. The sound of the turbulence had affected the neighborhood dogs which caused them to bark loudly. As it sped to the other end of the street it made a sharp turn back and I immediately grabbed my ladder and I recorded the aircraft returning.  From the distance the sound of the turbulence had been very loud for the distance. Luckily I managed to record enough to approve of sighting. My witness is my neighbor and he had been surprised as well, unfortunately the focus on my camera had been lacking, explaining the difficulty in keeping range and quality. I apologize if the video had been shaking around, I was nervous about the situation and I was not sure how to adapt to it. I then called the hotline and I had been advised to write a report as shown, and to attach a video along with it."
"Triangle shaped craft lights red green and blue. While my boyfriend was driving I noticed three lights in the sky red, blue and green.  At first I thought it was a plain or a jet.  It wasn't a star.  It was moving around and not staying in one place.  The odd lights seem to be in perfect formation, then would disappear and then they reappeared in another area.  Finally the craft disappeared, when it made a figure 8 and appeared to come closer into view. I also want to note that our truck stalled for a bit, then started up again on its own. I also felt this weird feeling over me, and begin to get a really light headed feeling.  I asked those who where with me if they felt the same way.  They all said they got this weird sick feeling. It felt like a dizzy spell.  All six of us where affected by this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  We suspect that the alleged sighting occurred at 7:00 p.m., not a.m., as indicated by the witness, so we have changed the time above.  We have no way of contacting the source of the report to confirm the time.  PD))"
"Circle  of 5  lights  that appeard doing the day Circle  of 5  lights  that appeared doing the day light of the day.  I was outside swimming in my pool with of my friends at about 18:00 and I just happen to look up in the sky. And what I had first thought to be a bird or a plain wasn\u2019t.  It was a light that looked like a star. As I continue to look I noticed their  were 5 of them that formed a circle.  It surprised me because it was still very light outside and not dark enough for stars to be shining.  I told my other two friends to look however only was able to focus and see what I was seeing.  These lights appeared to be far from earth and would fade in and out of our sight as the clouds moved in the view of them. But each time we gain sight of them their location would be slightly different.  We were able to see this circle for about 1/2 hour and could have continued but  because my other friend was not able to witness what we were seeing she became bored with us so we decided to stop and continue with our swimming.   But later that night about 21:00 I alone went outside to see if they where still there, but there wasn\u2019t no sight of them or any stars that matched the deception of what I saw earlier."
"Greenish object seen falling with a greenish illuminated plume along the trajectory path. A dark green colored object was seen falling from the sky with a light green colored illuminated plume behind the objects trajectory. A local sheriffs deputy on patrol for drunk drivers near a bar stopped immediately during the event, and sat for some time observing after the incident.  This incident was similar to an incident which occured in the same exact location on 02-04-2007. Even the object, fall trajectory, and possible landfall point were similar to the 02-04-07 event, which was covered by local media outlets, but no video is known to be available."
"northern maine sphere like. not moving.  White steady light amd others In the eastern sky a steady white light with different hues of red blue green.  Seemed to emit a beam and one I felt it looked sphere like.   Writing this and hasn't moved at all even the slightest"
"chased by 3 foot silver cylinder in sky. I went down to my dad's garden on a very bright day which is about 200 feet from his house.  I looked up in the sky and probably about 300 feet in the air I saw a silver cylinder shape that looked about the size of a baton falling in my direction.   As fast as I could I headed to the house thinking this might have fallen out of a plane.  It started overtaking me as I started zig zagging.   Right before I reached the porch it overtook me and was maybe 15 feet above me and then just disappeared.  It was silver and made no noise. 35 years later and this still bothers me.  Thought you might have some ideas. Thank you, ((personal information deleted)) after 1 p.m. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, who corrected the date to July 1976.  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Two separate LARGE  balls of light fell from sky within five minutes of each other. At about 1:00 am i witnessed a large ball of light fall out of the sky. it happened pretty fast. It was like something i've never seen before. My friend saw it at the last second before it went over the horizon. About five minutes later my friend saw one northbound. ( the previous one was east) It was pretty bright. it had had a slight green glow around it. after these sightings we spent a little over an hour watching the sky, there was no more activity so we went home."
"Silent Red Light of New Years My wife and I were watching the New Years festivities on TV last night and noticed that our neighbors (through the woods) were shooting off fireworks. We decided to peak out the window to share in their revelry and noticed this red light passing through our field of vision. This was at 12:00AM. At first I thought it was a red stray firework light but it continued heading North East from our location. We watched in amazement for around 10-15 seconds and then ran outside to see if the light was still there. And it was. For at least another 45 seconds to a minute. Then we finally lost it through the trees as it approached Aberdeen Proving Grounds. The light was red and did not pulsate but rather stayed the same brightness as it silently moved across the sky. There were no tails to the light which ruled out a meteorite and there were no light drippings as would be seen from a flare or in our case, firework. It was difficult to determine how high the light was in the sky but it appeared to us that it was either lower than a normal helicopter or plane, or it was very large. We've been looking all over to see if anyone else had seen this occurrence. Please let us know if you hear anymore on this"
"Ball of Light mirrors large plane over Moss Bluff I was on my back porch having a cigarette when I noticed a large sounding jet approaching from the west flying in a ENE direction.  When I looked at it directly I noticed that there was a light that seemed to be \"leading\" it off of what would be the pilot's window.  As the two approached, I could make out the red lights underneath the wings of what could have easily been a C-130 (there is a repair facility nearby).  These were the only lights I could see on the plane.   If one were to stretch their arm out and hold their index finger and thumb about an inch apart, this is how large the plane appeared.  As the two proceeded in a ENE direction to a point to where they directly north of me, the ball of light flew off at an incredible speed, out of Earth's atmosphere.  At that time the plane seemed to turn slightly south and proceeded in a ESE direction."
"I was driving home from a New Year's Eve party on my way home on Interstate 4 heading east I look towards the left and saw some fireworks earlier however when I looked over a little bit down the road I seen lights in a circular formation.  Sitting still with no flickering the way the lights seemed to be shining seemed like they were all PMing from focal point inside the clouds I thought maybe the lighter could have came from something from down on the grounds  but the lights seem to be shining out rather then being projected from the ground. I started at it until I couldn't see it anymore.  I'm sure there were many people to see this because it caused number to number traffic for a while I have a video and some pictures"
"three orange light foloowing each other, east to west watched airliner in the sky at about 10,000 ft (close to O'Hare) when I spotted a big red light beyond it.  I had an airplane in sight for reference and this was not an ordinary aircraft. It went approximately east to west, not too fast, gaining altitude until it disappeared in the clouds.  As soon as it disappeared, another orange light appeared, following the same flight path.  It was about 20 seconds behind the first one, way too close for a regular airliner distancing.   I ran inside to get my telescope pointer (magnification @20x) and looked at it through it. I did not see any body, just an orange light.  As soon as this one disappeared a third one showed up, following the same flight path.  Again, I looked at it through my telescope pointer and it did not look like an aircraft.  All I could see was orange light moving in the sky, east to west.  There was no other lights, or aircraft after this one.  Strange since we live so close to O'Hare."
"Star-Like object moving NW to SE This was about 3:40am, I was at work and I took a break from driving around to do some paperwork. I work in the middle of the woods so it was pretty dark out. After I had completed my paperwork I stepped outside the vehicle to stretch my legs. Its about 3:45am now I noticed a flash out of the corner of my eye. I looked up into the sky and I could barely see a star-like object moving from NW to SE towards Clearfield. The object would brighten and then it would appear to flash and then dim out to where you can barely see it. It did this about 5 times before I lost it in the tree line."
"Small white object at high altitude Object appeared almost directly overhead at high altitude but extremely small with undetermined shape. White in color against clear sky but reflected in the sun momentarily.  Object appeared to move slightly  in a very small circle and then disappeared.  Observation made after hearing  a small aircraft pass overhead at an altitude of eight to ten thousand feet. Object appeared much higher than the passing aircraft. Suspected bird but discounted due to no further visual contact. Suspected trash in a dust devil at several thousand feet above the ground but undetermined at this time. No dust devils in the immediate area however conditions were nominal for this condition. Suspected high altitude weather or research balloon. Undetermined at this time. Checked database for Iridium flares but no reports of any for date and time at this location. No other aircraft observed in the area and conditions were clear sky with visibility more than 50 miles. Winds south at ten to fifteen mph and temperature 95F. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"UFO Flying thr whole street of Cicero above traffic as high as planes fly. I was driving from 111th & Cicero to 103rd & Cicero in Oak Lawn.  While I was driving I saw a white light coming down Cicero that looked like the ISS.  It had no blinking lights. I watched it and the red traffic light too at around 107th & Cicero it was moving at about the Sam speed as the other planes in the sky.  At one time I thought it wad a star because it looked to be not moving.  It went over head I stuck my head out window it had 2 white lights close to each other.  I did not hear any sound from it going over head.  It was weird.  If it was a plane they didn't have any blinking lights on.  It was just flying over the street Cicero going down it like it was interested in the cars going down the street. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"two bright orange lights I first saw a bright  orange light moving from nw to se at the speed of a light aircraft at about 2000ft.   Then, I turned around and there was another one following about 1 mile behind it. Never seen a bright orange nav light and there were NO navigation lights at all ALSO AT THAT ALTITUDE THERE WAS NO SOUND. As an aviation enthusiast I am very aware of aircraft that I see."
"Orange orb over Cincinnati We have a partial view of downtown Cincinnati from our backyard...and I was on the back patio watching fireworks from different hill tops.  Directly to the right of our yard I noticed a strange orange orb just drifting very slowly...slower than any fireworks that's for sure.  Then it paused and just sat there for a minute or so not moving at all.  Then it simply dimmed and vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  This is one of three sightings by this witness.  Dates of other sightings by same witness in Fort Wright, KY, are September 05th, and October 30th, 2010.  PD))"
"Two crafts spotted over Westfield shopping cntr. Modesto 2 crafts 1 with bright lights across could be cigar or saucer shaped. Other was cigar shaped deep bright neon blue glowing. It would glow and then fade out and come back.  The other one hovered up and down quit a bit and side to side like having engine trouble. The blue cigar one stayed close as if to make sure the other was ok. A police or military white I think with markings plain stayed close by flying between them. Then they faded out. The hight I would say would be about 15 to 20 stories up in the sky."
"round black orb about 10 feet wide was spotted.  Reflect a white color as the Sun light hit object. Slow moving. Black orb shape like a ballon traveling north west about a mile away from my location.  I noticed a metalic quality to the object as the sun glinting off it made the object appear white.  The object was lost due to distance and clouds. I would say the object was around 10 feet wide total.  Not very large."
"Triangular object with three rectangular Ulta Violet blue lights on the bottom. I saw a object that appeared to be a shooting star.  It was falling to the ground at a high rate of speed.  Then the object appeared to be a plane about to crash.  The car in front of me came to a stop as did I.  A few seconds later the object came back into sight and begins hovering low over a subdivision.  At that time I was about 100 yards away from this triangular object.  I came to a complete stop to get a good look.  It was the size of a truck hood, white in color and had three rectangular lights on the bottom of it.  The lights were Ultra Violet blue.  Just as I was about to take a photo with my IPhone, it flew out of sight at a very high rate of speed.  The car in front of me fled before I had a chance to discuss the sighting."
"Orange light formations Bright orange trail of 6 lights appeared near mountains.  Went into two triangle formations while moving south east.  Two more lights appeared, and moved south west toward HWY38.  The two lights appeared much lower and closer than the 6 witnessed seconds earlier. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Round, bright orange object moving erratically over Warren County NJ One round-ish bright orange object,  moved steadily and laterally across sky slowly.   After 15 +/-  seconds began to move erratically up, down, sideways, then dimmed and disappeared. No head or tail lights, no engine noise.  Light was bright and steady. Brighter in center than edges. Sky clear but hazy.  Event lasted approximately 60 seconds +/-.  Object moved from SW to S. Observed by one couple, married, 47 yrs old, looking south.   No previous UFO sightings, ever. Columbia, Warren County, NJ. Coordinates Lat: 40.9727, Long: -75.0373"
"Me and my friend were facing north-west a few minutes after midnight and saw two or maybe four objects flashing bright red and white.  They were extremely active moving in the south-west direction.  When the airplanes flew out of range the objects appeard as two. I was not sure if there were four initially or two moving at high speeds to appear to fly in a zig-zag above the airplanes which were flying towards LAX.  I woke my girlfriend up and she them too. Very exciting and chilling as well. Sincerely, J, Los Angeles  I work at a healthfood store. My girlfriends brother is unemployed. My girlfriend is a sign language interpreter."
"low flying, slow moving retangular object making a low rumbling noise. Driving down Kemper Road (a small road running between two neighborhoods) at approximately 11:45 p.m., three friends and I heard a low rumbling noise. We looked up and saw a flying object. It was flying lower to the ground than an airplane or helicopter should. It was moving very slowly. It was rectangular in shape and had lights on all 4 corners. The lights were what looked like to be a mixture of orange and purple. The rectangle also had a funnel shaped object on top, sort of like a funnel to a tornado siren. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"3 lighted circular air craft dropped straight down out of my view into the hills. I was driving along highway 4 towards the city of Rodeo.  I noticed what I thought was a plane flying lower than the other two planes I had seen in the sky and it was also moving at a slower speed.  After watching for about a minute it dropped straight down out of my view into the hills.  It had a red, blue and an amber colored light and was in a triangle/circular pattern.  It dropped at such a fast speed the lights left a trail for a second.  I expected to see a possible explosion or smoke from a crash because I have never seen something drop at that rate of speed from the sky.  Once the object went out of site I did not see it again.  Thanks"
"Orange object cruises past home near Andrew's AFB While sitting on my front porch talking with my nephew, I looked to the right of my porch overhand and saw a glowing orange object floating over the tree line.  It looked odd as if to paulsate.  I looked to see if there were any navigational lights and could see none.   I immediately called to my nephew to come see as the object cruzed past the house heeding northwest.  There is a military base near to my house, (Andrews Airforce Base).   As the object flew near that direction, the orange light went out and we could still see the the silliwet of the object which was now black without distinct form at the distance.  The object made no sound as it cruised by and eventually faded from sight.  My nephew thinks it was some new military technology.  I believe it was not of this world.  I have seen other objects such as see through cigar shape objects flying as low as street lights, making no sound at all with others there to witness this event also.  Many times they are fl! ying towards the military base and lights go out as they pass over it.   This event on the 28th of April, was the first time I've seen the orange ball.  At the time of this sighting, the sky's were clear and the object appeared to be within a few thousand feet from my house and approximately 5-6 hundred feet in the air. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  The date above is flawed, so we have amended it, but we are unsure whether the alleged sighting occurred on the morning of April 28th, or 29th, but we have no means for contacting the source to confirm the correct date.  PD))"
"Orange/red lights in sky traveling Northwest At dusk, while outside there was an orange/red light in the sky traveling in a northwest direction.  Once the light was directly west of my location it disappeared.  Then a few minutes later same/another light showed up in the same area/directions of the first.  This reoccurred estimated 6 times for the next 30 minutes.  I went from my back yard to the front and attempted to capture the object on my phone.   I was able to capture it in photo and video."
"Follow for 3 min 3 lights hovering slowly under 1000 feet turned back around to take video completly gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I spotted the object for about three or four seconds to my west at the Safeway grocery store. The object was traveling North and appeared to be a pale green to white sphere with no tail.  Just the object. This is the third time I have observed this object, I saw it there weeks ago from the Bainbridge ferry terminal at about midnight for about ten seconds traveling North East and two weeks before that in Poulsbo, Washington, for about ten seconds at around 2:00 am traveling south. The object is a pale green to white, brightly glowing sphere moving at a fairly high rate of speed with no other lights or sound, and it doesn't show a tail like a meteor or space junk."
"white light traveling horizontally, sped up very fast and then disappeared. I was driving on Edwards Mill Rd, toward Duraleigh Rd., and I saw a white light traveling L to R  horizontally across the sky.  I thought it might be an airplane but it began to move very very fast and then disappeared.  It all happened within less than a minute."
"Pale white ball making erratic movements.  Pictures taken. Pale white ball making erratic movements.  It could be optical illusion, but the pictures I took also show the object."
"Multiple satellites in one group moving south to north across California. I was laying down on a bench looking up at the night sky when I saw the object moving south to north.  I thought oh cool a satellite (dim fast moving), but as I focused at the moving object there was more than one.  It looked like a group of 4 satellites in a \"v\" pattern, with the fourth straggling behind the 3 (like this &lt;.)   I don't know if there are any satellites currently in orbit that are in a group that close together but is sure was strange."
"Gold ring shaped UFO, silent. Images here:   http://picasaweb.google.com/MichelleGsPhotos/WhatIs This  Friend saw this and followed it for quite a while. Took some great pictures of it. It looks like a perfect gold ring. I will updated when I get more information from him, but was genuinely curious. Thank you."
"Large bright orange circle, rapidly ascending from sea level straight up in to the stars My condo is right on the beach.  From my window I can see out in to the ocean and the brightly lit loading docs just east of the Queen Mary.  Last night, approx 9:20pm PST, I was watching TV and noticed a bright orange circle from my window, moving towards me just above those loading docs. I looked closely to see if there were any flashing red or white safety lights (like normal man-made airplane) but it was just a solid orange light with somewhat of a fog around it.. (note the night sky was crystal clear a few minutes earlier).. and it was approaching me fast!  I grabbed my phone and BOLTED downstairs to the end of street (which sits right on the sand) to get a video.  By the time I got there, what was once just hundreds of feet away was now thousands of feet up and same altitude as other airplanes (which you could differentiate by the flashing white and red safety lights).  The bright orange light continued to to move southeast and vertical *extremely* fast towards the stars until it shifted direction, dropped down super fast then faded away. I captured the whole incident on video..  It's very obvious no man made craft can move that fast.   Video submitted to ufocntr@nwlink.com.  You can also see it here:  https://youtu.be/9754jYFGsEE  (hopefully link doesn't get removed)"
"Strange flying disk over Enid, Oklahoma, near Vance AFB While going out for dinner on 21:00 February 27 2008, myself and several of my friends noticed what looked like a large airplane in the distance.  We looked once again and noticed a distinct disk like shape to the aircraft as it began to come closer and closer to our position.   The object seemed to have two red lights and blue lights on what I can only assume would be the sides of the craft.  I could not tell what color the object was due to the dark skies, but there was a slight humming or buzzing noise that accompanied its movement.   We continued to watch, what we now thought to be a UFO, fly over our heads and then without warning the craft left the area with amazing speed.   The whole incident has left me feeling confused and a little scared, when I found this site I knew I would be able to tell my story without the fear of others thinking I was crazy."
"Orange Lights/Fireballs above the Lake Driving home late at night. Noticed orange lights/fireballs in the sky. There was road work so I had to detour around the lake.  The 2 orange lights/ fireballs weren't moving. They were high enough in the sky that even when I turned onto a different street I could still see them. As I was passing the lake I noticed that they were right above it. I felt like I couldn't stop staring at it but I didn't want to wreck my car either. I checked the road again and turned my head back to the lights and a third one appeared...a bit smaller than the other two. They were in a diagonal line.  As I made my turn right to get onto the road behind my house, a Helicopter flew over the large apartment builings on the left corner and flew straight towards it.  I drove really fast home and ran and told my boyfriend what I'd seen.  He looked out our bedroom window and said he could hear the Helicopter but he couldn't see it.  He actually got in his car and drove over to the lake ! but he said he saw nothing.  Even the Helicopter was gone. He's bummed because I saw something and he didn't. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 106 ((NUFORC Note:  Incident has been explained by a terrestrial cause.  PD))"
"Saucer with bright lights, then spiky halo in colors, over Cook Inlet,  Anchorage. A disk with a couple of bright lights, \"sitting\" on the sky, just exactly where planes turn around the Cook Inlet.   When I went outside to look at it from the balcony, it changed in illumination and color, showing like a spiky halo around it.  Each spike was blue towards the middle, with tips/ends.  It was alternating this shape with the saucer-like with a couple or three bright lights.  It was not windy, so it was not an airplane on a stall position.  I observed it for about 5 minutes outside.  When I went back in, it was still there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"On Decemeber 4th,2010 at 8 P.M in Pittsburgh, Pa, 14 unknown silent aircrafts flew over head and vanished. Myself and 4 witnesses were outside viewing an unknown aircraft that had no noise and only a visible red fire ball type effect. 14 consecutive air crafts would fly solo in about 5 minute increments and head to the same direction and vanish. They could not have been airplanes, helicopters, or even stealth jets. They were more discreet and two of them came very close to each other in a controlled and slowed motion, then parted ways because the other 12 begin to come into the picture. I am not a huge believer in ufo's etc, but this one was my first and am curious to know what it was or if there was any planned Auto Drone experiment going on or what not. Hope this helps!"
"White Triangle in Denver Colorado I was on my way home from school listening to \"calling occupants of interplanetary craft\" when I had a feeling I should look up and there was this white triangular object.   It silently moved across the sky and then all of a sudden it disappeared!   There was a blue sky and there is no way the object could have hidden behind a cloud."
"Triangular object hovered over car on US-12 I was driving home from Edwardsburg around 10:30 p.m. and had just turned off of Brush Road onto US-12.  I had only driven a few hundred yards when I noticed a very bright white light off in the horizon, north east of my car.  At first I didn't think anything of it, assuming it was  some kind of airplane tower or something of that sort. After a few moments I started to notice that whatever this thing was had not one bright light but three lights and was starting to move in my direction. It took a second for me to realize that it wasn't anything I had ever seen before! The only thing that I could think of was to get some kind of footage of this object. I pulled my car to the shoulder of the road and as I did so I noticed two other cars  on the opposite side of the highway do the same thing. One of the persons got out of their car while the other remained inside theirs.  I sat in complete astonishment that this was actually happening as the object glided toward the ground at my car. It traveled the distance from the horizon to above my car so fast I didn't even have time to blink! I watched as this now quite visible equilateral triangle (with a semi-circle cut out in the back) flew a matter of 10 to 15 feet above my car.  The object must have been about twice as long and twice as wide as my car and emitted no sound but had three lights on the bottom,  one in each corner of the triangle. The lights seemed to be streaming down like strobe lights until it banked onto its side. When it did this, I got a clear view of the bottom and noticed that the lights were about the size of a dinner plate. That's when I got out of my car and grabbed my cell phone to try to shoot some footage of it.  Just as I found the video recorder on my phone and started recording, the object moved  over the trees and shot out of view in a south western direction. By  the time I gave up filming and looked around, one of the cars had already gone and the other was in the process of leaving. I have never experienced something like this in person before it was for a lack of a better term... bewildering!! I just wish I could have captured an image of it in time or been able to talk to the other witnesses."
"UFO (Real bright light) over Lake Beseck in Middlefield, Ct I live out by Lake Beseck in Middlefield, Ct  This past Saturday (10/08/16) in the early evening i came out of my home to bring some firewood inside since the nights have started to get chilly. While i was walking over to the woodpile i noticed a bright white light over the mountain in the area where the Mountain Side Resort is from a WSW direction. At that time i didn't pay any mind to it cuz i just thought it was a aircraft or maybe the planet Venus. Venus can get real bright at times and could fool someone too. So after bringing a load of wood in i went back out to get some smaller starter wood with my bucket and i noticed again that this light had gotten closer and now was over the southern area of the lake. This was no planet. At that point i stopped to take a good look at it but i couldn't tell if it had stopped or was continuing to come in my direction. This thing was bright and it looked like there was a smaller but just as bright light just under the main light. To find out if it was moving still, i a lined myself (my eyes) with a telephone cable that hanged from a street light across from my property in such a way to see if it would appear from behind the cable.  Sure enough it came from behind the cable so that told me it was moving but not fast at all. Keeping my eye on this thing, i went into my car to get a pair of  field glasses (maybe 10x25) not too powerful but enough to see it through the lens.  All i could see was these lights that were too bright (blob), no markings or anything, couldn't make out a shape to it at all, it was just too bright. No sound at all, no vapor trail, just floating along in a ENE direction, at a angle that would have put it right over my home. As I'm looking at it coming closer, all of a sudden it just disappeares!!, like someone just hit a switch and turned the lights off.  There was no clouds anywhere in the sky.  The moon was up but it was futher to the south.  The sky at the time was i guess what u would call in twilight.  The stars were just starting to appear, dark but not real dark.  Not sure of the time but it was around 1845-1900 hrs. I've seen other things in the sky at night, ISS, meteours, shooting stars etc, but nothing like this object or anything this bright.  I suppose it could have been a drone that someone was flying but at night??, no sound from any props, and the distance this thing traveled from, with one hell of a big light or two.  I don't think so. It just disappeared.  I looked further to the ENE direction to see if it reappeared but nothing.  I continued to scan the rest of the sky in all directions but still nothing more. One min it was there and the next min it just disappeared, gone!!  I'm beside myself cuz i've never seen anything close to what this was. Weird, real strange, WOW!"
"A saucer shape UFO was seen outside of my friends house, flying in all different directions that no plane can fly, and lasted 3 hrs. Around 10 pm Thursday night, on October 24 2012, my friend and I were standing outside of his house talking.  All of a sudden, my friend said \u201cLook at that UFO!\u201d I of course laughed thinking he was joking and I looked up in the sky, Northwest of where we were standing.  That\u2019s the direction he was pointing from where we were.  There was a figure, that seemed saucer shaped (it was hard to make it all out because of the clouds) and it was flying, back and forth, up and down, sideways, and even went in circles and upside down. It had no particular pattern to it.  It was a self-illuminating object, and it had a green tint around it.  The object seemed rather large and pretty low to the ground. It rose not too many miles above the trees, from what it appeared.  It wasn\u2019t extremely high, but it wasn\u2019t much higher than a low plane coming closer to the ground to land.  It seemed much larger than any airplane; probably five to ten times bigger. I couldn\u2019t keep my eyes off o! f what we were seeing. The way it was flying was unlike anything we had ever seen. The color of the glow made it even weirder. We were baffled. There was no way it was a plane, helicopter, or anything like that. It wasn\u2019t a shooting star or comet. It wasn\u2019t a light shining from anywhere either. This lasted at least 3 hours that I am aware of. I watched it off and on for about an hour. I\u2019d come outside every few minutes, and it was still in the same area, flying around pretty fast. We left his house to go somewhere. I got him back home close to 1am. The object was still flying around in the same big area! It remained in a pretty clouded area as well. No one else was outside this late at night, except cars passing down Rainbow Lake rd. So we had no one else to go tell."
"We were in our house when 3 bright orange flashes lit up the sky.  Too fast to go out to see any objects."
"The aircraft was just above the tree line, going at a fast rate.  It was flashing red and white lights.  It was heading north towards Dover, DE.   I came upon a open field and searched frantically for the lights and it was nowhere in sight.  It just disappeared."
"Two triangular UFOs were seen. I and my friend saw 2 triangular crafts with 5 lights in total on rack 2 on each of the sides and 1 in the middle the lights were green on left sides and red on right sides and middle light was white they disappeared and all the lights turned very bright white."
"Moving star-like lights Location: Just east of Hwy 95 on the north end of Moscow. At about 3:18AM, i noticed in the ESE what appeared to be a moving star-like light about two hands-width above the roof line of the opposite building. The light traveled horizontally south-to-north for a short way before fading out. The first light was followed closely by a much brighter star-like object traveling in the same direction and altitude before, again, fading out. The separation between the two lights was probably two or three finger-widths. A short time later, at a lower altitude, i noticed the flash of another light with what appeared to be a reddish color. About 3:28AM, i noticed a dimmer star-like light traveling north-to-south about 2 or 3 finger widths above a tree top behind the roof line that i use as a reference which then faded out after traveling for a distance horizontally. 30 seconds after one of the local church bells tolled once, indicating 3:30AM, in the ENE, a stationary star-like object became very bright, then faded out. The color was LED white. At no time could any sounds be heard."
"Bright full moon making a ring light in the snow, & I saw a craft w/ blue, red & white lights hovering to the RT of the moon + 2 more Later. Tonight, around 8:30pm, I had this urge to look out our back sliding glass door, and to my surprise, I saw the full moon and it seemed bigger/closer than usual and extremely bright!  So bright that it not only gave more light into the sky, but it also produced a ring shape light onto the ground and the middle was shadowed.  I told my mom & step dad then returned to the door to admire the strangeness to it.  I glanced up to the right of the moon and that\u2019s when I saw the first craft.  It was very close at first, there was no sound from it, I could see 3 different color lights that appeared to be spinning in a circle, most were white but there was at least 1 blue and 1 red light,  I yelled for my step dad to come see it because it was just hovering in the air.  It didn\u2019t appear to be moving at first and a few minutes later you could see it gradually moving farther away and upward into the sky.  It would also move slightly right or left.  It wasn\u2019t going fast like it had a des! tination to get to but seemed to be scanning the area.  Once it was too far to see all three lights as well as when it was close another aircraft showed up from the right.  This one did have a faint sound and was going quite fast.  It only had a white light, the light would flash once disappear and then flash again when it got some distance away.  It went right in front of the first craft slightly turned flying left under the moon & right above the tree line.  It then stayed in one area but going upwards and downwards until it just disappeared.  A few minutes later i saw the same flashing light craft much farther left, it was going slow at first, but sped up to disappear around the side of the house.  During all of this the other one was still just hovering in the same spot, it would get a little closer and then go back farther/higher again.  It continued to do this, around 10 I had to stop looking to put my son to bed.  I kept checking until 10:30pm or 11 and that\u2019s when it was fin! ally out of sight.  This sighting was the most amazing for me because t his craft didn\u2019t seem to mind that it was seen and it stayed hovering around the same area the longest amount of time I\u2019ve ever seen any kind of craft do..  while the others seemed to make sure it was not in any danger.  Myself, my mom, step dad and 3 year old all got a great look at this amazing sighting & were all amazed by it.  My puppy also broke off his chain around the time this first occurred, we usually hear him barking or running around the house when this happens but he was extremely calm and was drawn to the ring light & would look toward the craft."
"Triangular UFO Seen Over Downtown Ann Arbor At 11:15, a friend and I we\u2019re in the alley behind work, having a cigarette. The sighting took place in downtown Ann Arbor.  My friend looked up and exclaimed, \u201cWhat the **** is that?\u201d   He pointed directly upwards to a triangular object who\u2019s three points were each designated by a soft, blue light.  The object seemed not to cruise a regular speed, but to sort of float and pivot slightly back and forth, headed in a general northwest direction.  The object itself was barely discernible, except the back looked slightly concaved, or fish-tailed.  We saw the object floating for about 15 seconds before it disappeared behind the buildings in the city."
"Bright orange lights in a formation, some seperation movement, then vanish in SC. I was standing outside my front door having a cigarette and just happened to look towards the lower sky in front of me.  I see 4 or 5 orange glowing lights almost in a circle/oval type shape, they didn't move at first, then it appeared at least two of them started moving into the center of the formation after a min or so and then all of the lights vanished at the same time.  The lights were brighter than stars and all of them glowed orange in color.  After they vanished i heard faint rumbling sounds like thunder for about 30 seconds in the sky.  This was not very high in the sky either....from my view point the lights were maybe 300-500 feet in the air.  I noticed flashing lights from aircraft shorty afterwards flying around and through the area."
"Firey object crossed the sky. Flying from North to South.  One object, red arrow/chevron shape. Was pulsating red and white, like on fire.  Crossed 3/4 of the sky while ascending out of view.  Held a steady speed. Unable to get a good video recording.  Posted video on instagram and 1 other person saw it besides me and my family.  This is the second report I've made from this location."
"stayed in one spot and then disapeared. The object was seen two different nights.  It was far away and stayed in one spot for twenty minutes.    At first I thought it was a star but then I started seeing colored lights.   Then I got my glasses and could see the colors easily.  Colors were red on top and white in the middle. the top was red.   I then left for about 10 minutes and when I came back it was gone."
"UFO hovers...changes direction...hovers.....repeats pattern near Ocean City, MD in Summer of 2002 I just discovered this website and for years had a story I wanted to tell but did not know of an official place to report it.   About 30 minutes north of Ocean City on a beach, my girlfriend and I were sitting on a lifeguard stand looking at the stars.  Far up on our right I saw a star that was moving.  Then it stopped and held its position.   Then it moved again but in a different direction.  Then it stopped.   Then it repeated this pattern several more times.   With an understanding of geometry, I figured the the object must have been more than 10 miles above the earth.   At the rate it was moving, it must have been traveling at many thousand miles per hour to move from one point to the other....How it was able to pause its movement and just hover and then suddenly burst to another position is beyond me.   I am a man of science but when I saw this object, it was a surreal experience.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing and it truly frightened me.  It definitely was not a plane.  There is no man made object I know of that could have moved the way this object did.  This was an impossible event that I witnessed but it was very real.  Everything I'm telling you is the truth and factual. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"4 glowing orbs Looked to the East and seen 4 yellow/orange glowing balls in a straight line hovering over Florance area.  They illuminated the clouds behind them.  One to the left would fade out then another would appear to the right of the other three.  Then they all faded out at the same time.  I noticed a small aircraft flew past when I first noticed them.  They we're about the size of golf balls from where I was standing and much larger than the aircraft."
"The realization of the anomolie & the eeery silence, & both of us seeing this, scared us so, that we ran inside. My friend & I were checking out the sunset, when we saw a fireball hovering in the sky, it lasted for a couple minutes,then reappeared and slowly went to the East, for another couple minutes, not going that far, then quickly got brighter, and seemed to zoom towards us, then flashed brighter & just disappeared."
"3 orange lights fly over petersburg Illinois At about 10:52 PM in Downtown Petersburg, Illinois I and 3 other witnesses all saw the same UFO flying overhead.  It covered about 50 degrees of the sky in no more than 10 seconds.  It was triangular in shape with an orange glowing light on each point of the triangle.  It had absolutely no sound as it passed through the sky.  During the time it was flying overhead my friends and I were able to determine that it was nothing man made. It passed overhead from a direction of Northwest and flew southeast until we couldn\u2019t see it due to light pollution of fast food signs.  The lights at first made me think that it was a collection of birds, but upon realizing that they were all too uniformly spaced to be anything of the sort.  It was amazing how fast it was flying because right after we looked a plane and it appeared to be going at least 10 times faster than the plane. The size in comparison to the moon was about 3 moons in the area of a triangle.  The area between the three lights blocked out the stars behind it.  It was like nothing I have ever seen in my life. There is no other way to explain it.  It was a large triangle shaped craft of some sort that moved swiftly through the sky and made absolutely no sound."
"Very personal sighting. I walked outside my barn and looked up in the sky and two of them flew up over my head at about 20,000 ft.  I stared up at the two lights because i knew they were looking down on me because right when i walked out and looked up they focused their light down on me.  They either lost interest or sensed my uneasiness and their lights dimmed as they flew off from a complete stand still."
"Bright light over South East Minnesota. From about 23:30 to about 1:30 on 7/9/12- 7/10/12, I witnessed a UFO.  The first sighting was around 23:30.  While stargazing, I saw a bright light.  At first I thought it was Venus.  I then realized that it was far too bright to be planet Venus.  As I studied it more closely, the craft got brighter and it accelerated from the northern sky towards the southern sky. The second sighting took place around 0:15.  I was toying with my CB radio in my car.  For some reason, my radio could get outstanding reception.  I could listen to people as faraway as South Carolina and Oklahoma.  My car was facing west this time.  I saw the same craft.  As I studied it, the craft accelerated from the South Western sky to the Western sky.  I could only see it for 5-7 seconds.  The craft got brighter and it accelerated getting dimmer until I could only see its green lights. I could barely see the green lights.  The green lights only lasted for a few seconds.  There were five clusters of lights.  Each cluster had two lights.  There were four on the outside of the craft and one cluster in the center of the craft. The last sighting took place around 1:00.  It was the same event, a bright light gaining in intensity and then loosing its brightness as it was accelerating.  This was on the southern horizon.  I could not see any of the green lights that I saw before.  The third was too far on the horizon to witness what was happening beneath of it. The times that I have listed in this report may be off.  The clock in my car was not working correctly and I did not think to check my phone.  My sightings took place in far South and East Minnesota.  I plan to write to my local newspaper.  I do not know if anyone else saw this event."
"low-flying, orange-colored orb, the color/brightness of a candle flame Large orange-colored orb, the color/brightness of a candle flame.  Moving low and fast and beyond the treeline in seconds. Moving across farmland area.  Lights were pulsing in house later, but they do that sometimes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large, dark, triangular winged object with numerous small dim lights, silently floated by us. I have seen many meteors, fireballs, aircraft in my 56 years, but have never seen what I would call a UFO until tonight. I am a high school teacher. 5 of us were sitting in my friend's (a middle school teacher) back yard around a small gas, fire pit from 9:00PM pacific time until about 11:00PM.  I looked up at the sky (clear, star filled- the moon had just gone down) and noticed what looked like a dark, winged object floating by low in the horizon, but just above the backyard trees. At first I thought it was large bird, like an owl (we have white owls that I've seen at night many times) but quickly realized it was much too big (and too dark) to be an owl or even a large hawk. It took about a second to realize what the scale of it was and to notice dim but numerous lights all along the wings.  The wings appeared to be curling, or slightly flapping but seemed obvious that it was mechanical now. I pointed and said \"Look at the UFO.\"  Everyone turned to look and were all amazed at what we saw. I got up to see it a few more seconds before it disapeared.  3 of the others saw it and the one who had his back to it and was a little more behind the tree didn't. I probably saw it for 7 or 8 seconds. The others for 3 or 4 seconds. It didn't seem to be traveling extremely fast (unless it was high), but the angle of view and the trees eventually obscured it.  But it actually seemed to just disapear to me. It was traveling close to due north, maybe slightly west as well. It was hard to get a scale on it. If I had to guess, I'd say it was about the size of a B-2 bomber or up to a B-52 bomber with swept back wings.  I only saw wings, nothing sticking out the front or back. The wife of the other teacher (she works for a car dealership) said it looked like a dragon from Harry Potter with no head or tail. Most of us thought we saw the wings moving.  But the soft, diffused lighting on it (small spots of diffused lights, mostly on the edges of the wings) definitely showed it to be mechanical. It was completely silent.  That was an eerie part to all of us. It was either large airplane size, and about one or two thousand feet up, or gigantic, and far away.  All four of us agreed that we had never seen anything like it."
"During 4th of July fireworks there's a strange red light not moving in high altitude.  At one point it made a hard right faster then I ever saw anything move before."
"Three orange, flame \"lanterns\" slowly moving NNE over Chicago in formation on July 4, 2010, at 9:45pm On the evening of July 4, 2010, my elderly father and I were watching a neighbor's fireworks display on the northwest side of Chicago.  I was looking east at about 9:45pm when I noticed what looked like a lantern with orange flames in it up in the sky.  It was slowly moving NNE.  Then I noticed that there were 3 \"lanterns\" in formation moving NNE at about 20 mph.  I thought they were part of some type of airplane until I noticed that I could see distant fireworks within the triangle formed by the 3 objects. My father's eyesight is not as good as mine and he did not see the objects clearly.  He did report seeing \"dim lights\" but nothing clearly. The objects were moving in the exact same direction and speed.  One object was in the lead and the other two were at the same altitude following.  All objects appeared to be like flames \u2013 orange and flickering. It appeared that the \"flames\" were encased in rectangles.  The objects were bigger than stars but much smaller than the moon.  I would estimate the objects to be 20 feet high by 15 feet wide, at about 500 feet altitude, approximately a half mile away.  The objects continued to move NNE until they were out of sight.  There was no sound coming from the objects. I am a 50-something homeowner and have an MBA.  I have never seen nor reported anything like this before.  My eyesight is good for distance and I was not under the influence of any intoxicants."
"Orange Fireball at 0230 in Ft Collins Co, traveling parallel to the ground surface While on duty As a Security Officer at 0230 Noticed an orange what looked like a Fireball traveling from East to West parallel to the ground.  First noticed what I felt was a low level high speed Military Air craft in the distance, then as it got closer it appeared as an orange fireball with a white vapor trail that just vanished.  Again this was always traveling parallel to the ground surface.  I wasn't going to report this but this is the strange part:  For some unknown reason our Security duty phone which is on the Verizon Network started acting up with Verizon not understanding what the cause was.  This is a phone we use every night, hourly for security reporting.  Other security offices reported when it was called it went straight to voice mail.  The Network never noticed the calls, and the phone never showed, \"missed calls\".  It was tested with at times six to eight calls going straight to voicemail but the actual device never noticed the calls.  The phone is the latest and greatest, this has never occurred prior to this event sighting.  At the same time our Company CYCOP computer which is a mobile GPS reporting device RESET.  It did function the rest of the shift.  However, at 0600 our phone was still having unknown issues with Verizon reporting, NTF, \"no trouble found\". I would like to close by saying as for my background, I was raised on Air Force bases, I know Military Air Craft, and was a high ranking consultant for both the DOD, and civilian communication issues.  I also know Stan Gorden since I was involved with a 1965 UFO incident (on site) in Pa."
"Witness soundless flickering lights moving NE in the clouds above. 01/21/10 Between 5:30 and 5:45 a.m. Warren County, IA Between Bevington and St. Charles  Overcast morning. Had ice storm yesterday. Saw flickering lights in the clouds between neighbors\u2019 houses.  Thought it was the maintainer scraping the roads and its lights were reflecting upon the clouds.  Continued with the chores.  Checked on my waterer and looked up and the flickering lights were floating in the clouds overhead.  Real smooth, no sounds.  Lights were mostly yellowish, like a soft white light bulb.  They flickered all over the place, but in a circular area. Could this be a new and improved weather balloon? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"6 shiney metallic sphears in formation,  that was maintained through turns,crossing the sky fo10 to 15 minutes. Febuary 3, 2012  UFO sighting approximately 2:00pm 2/2/2013. The location was over Citrus Heights, California, and witnessed by neighbors along with us.  What I saw was a formation of round shiney objects,  6 total, that were very high up in the sky.  They were slowly moving from a northeast direction that made a perfect \"L\" turn that changed the direction to the north. The front 3 objects made a perfect triangle and the fourth was in the rear.  Two others were following behind and every move that the 6 objects made were in sync with each other.   We watched this for about 10  to 15 minutes until they were out of sight and appearing to go in the direction of Beale Air Force Base. They were not airplanes or hot air balloons or birds or anything that I have ever seen before. I called my son and his family who also saw these."
"Shape-shifting/color changing object. It looked like a round orb at first.  It was white, standing perfectly still in sky for about 30 minutes, then turned a dark color and started moving while changing shapes for about 5-10 minutes.  Then came to another stop above a mountain south of deming and just stood perfectly still until I lost sight from driving.   After it turned a dark color, it then looked bigger, like it had stretched out.  When it started to move at first, it appeared to shapeshift into a dumbell form, like an exercise weight.  Also, lots of commercial jets flying in the area.  About 20 at a time."
"Metallic light appears, changes direction and vanishes. On a rooftop downtown Hamilton (Sherman & Burlington) looking east-southeast.  Visibility was good, could see for miles -- there were clouds but they were defined and had clear borders.  See a lit, metallic object, moving slowly south-to-north.  The light was white, maybe slightly orange.  Don't know exactly how far away it was, but fairly far.  Noticing it looking weird, I make a remark, and it caught the attention of others. The object changed direction very slowly and vanished."
"1 satelight and  3 unknown white and red objects that followed in the opposite direction flying silent in the sky- I watched the same faint Satelight go flying through the sky from North to South until I couldn't see it anymore. Then suddenly I saw another object flying almost on the same path flying (south to North) but this object was bright and then very faint and then bright and and very faint continuing until it was out of range.  Then seconds after that object passed I saw another object in which had a very bright red light and it appeared out of the Northwest sky and slowly headed towards that object that just had passed at a different angle and it then blinked it's red light several times at another object headed in the opposite direction ( as if it was comunicating with the last object coming in from the east. The last object had a bright red light and it moved swiftly through the sky towards the third object until I couldn't see it anymore. I know the first object was a satelight, but I'm not sure about the other three objects. I have never seen lights of this nature and I'm 99.99999% sure that it was not a aircraft of our nature. Plus the objects were silent..."
"I and my girlfriend watched a silvery luminous football shaped object. I felt drawn outside around 4 pm on 2/27/08(Thursday).  I was looking at a few jets spewing out chemtrails when I noticed a silvery football shaped orb (w/no exhaust nor features). It was a very clear, blue bird sky with the exception of the chemtrails.  I yelled for my girlfriend to come outside and she spotted it also.  We both agreed it looked more like an oval, football shape with a silvery luminosity that stood out in contrast compared to the chemtrail jets that were close to it. At one point in the beginning, I thought the object was going to crash into or nearly miss a chem trail jet as they approached each other from opposite directions.  I caught one good photo with my digital binoculars as it faded into the distance.  I and my girlfriend have filled reports with MUFON and I have spoken with the West Virginia MUFON investigator."
"Very bright huge circular form of light shooting upwards in the atmosphere in Manitoba, Canada. \tLast night at approximately 12:15 a.m (0:15), me and my friend were sitting outside gazing the stars and talking.  We seen a couple of those objects that are told to be satellites going by (appears as a star moving through the sky).  They then dimmed out and we continued to watch.  Right before our eyes, it appeared to be very close, definitely in our atmosphere a huge very bright object appeared and shot upwards very fast and then completely dimmed out.  This object appeared so close maybe a couple kilometres away and it was very low and shot very fast upwards and immediately dimmed out. It was huge and very bright a kind of circular form.  There was light radiating from it and it shot upwards so fast that it only lasted approximately 2-3 seconds and then immediately dimmed out. After that we continued to watch and only seen a couple of shooting stars.  Me and my friend are completely unaware of what it is we need to do now, we want to contact someone to inform ! them of this."
"round silver object hovering over long island bay during hurricane Irene I have a boat moored in Port Jefferson, Long Island. As Hurricane Irene approached NY I found a cctv camera that is about 5 miles from my boat to monitor the storm, flooding, wind.....  The camera i was monitoring is at Defeo Marina and can be viewed live at their website.  At about 2:30 pm on Sunday i logged into the camera to check the flood conditions.  I witnessed a large silver round disc type object in the sky over the flooded bay. I watched it live for a few minutes as it hovered in the same spot rotating around.  My first thought was that someone might be launching a weather balloon but i soon realized that the object had lines and a structure that didn't look like a balloon. I took 3 screenshots of the live camera view. the 3 screenshots were taken about 10 seconds apart. It appears in the pictures that you can see the craft rotating toward the camera.  I spoke to the marina to see if the live cam is recorded but it is not.  At the time of this sighting m! ost of the area was evacuated and no planes were flying in or out of ny airports."
"UFO seen in my neighborhood So I was letting my dogs out at 12:30 and I was smoking a cigarette and I heard a Fan kind of noise and my dogs was barking and looking up so I went outside to check it and over my house I had a huge hole looking space craft above my house I tried to take a picture but my phone glitch some (light weight) things in my yard started to float such lawn chairs,yard decorations. I put my dogs up and went out back of my house and seen that my trash cans was in the air so it\u2019s was around 1:10 and my trash can was gone and it was not windy but just in my yard had a powerful wind I do not know we\u2019re it went after that but it\u2019s not the first time I had seen a UFO but it\u2019s kinda normal on my street so after that I went in said and my power kept going on and off but I went to sleep."
"Series of V shaped lights going fast and high in sky I saw a vee-shaped formation of lights with 5 on one side and 6 on the other going south.    The lights seemed to be objects illuminated by the sun that has not come up yet.  The objects must have been up as high as normal satellites that I see all the time in the morning.  It traveled from north to south in about 10 seconds and I do not know of anything that can travel that fast."
"\u201cGhost Rider\u201d Headlight AGAIN!!! Incredible... just as was the case 2 years ago... Driving home through very dark mountains, with no other vehicles in site... a \u201cmotorcycle\u201d headlight suddenly appeared in my rear view. This time, it didn\u2019t give the impression of speeding up right on top of us, but was \u201csuddenly\u201d behind us, maybe 250 feet? Reminded kids of what we experienced in 2016, and insisted that the light behind us was indeed a motorcycle... we chuckled... But NO motorcycle or vehicle of any kind ever passed us??? We heard no sound, there were no roads to turn off? Whatever it was, just vanished.... again. Very eerie... Beginning to wonder WHY this happens to us... but very fascinating and spooky at the same time? Not sure what it was, but you get a sensation and feeling, when you know something is not right..."
"Two orange balls in sky moving east to west about 5k feet up in sky. Looking to east we saw two large orange lights in sky.  Looked to be about height we would expect Helicopters to fly.  They slowly moved west towards us then changed direction to the east.   One of them went first then the other one changed direction.   Speed of movement was similar to that of a Helicopter in search mode.   I saw many helicopters when I lived in Ft. Campbell.  I never saw them in night sky as orange balls of light. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Pyramid shaped shiny object in sky I was driving East on Highway 48 toward Bushnell, Florida. I saw something pyramid shaped in the sky directly in front of me.  It was very shiny & was reflecting the sun.  I can't be sure whether or not it was emitting any light because I assumed the sun's reflection was what made it look so bright.  It looked like it was made out of shiny sheet metal. It wasn't moving at all.  I told my 5 year old son to look up at the sky but by the time I pointed to it, it was gone. He did not see it & I continued to look for it for a few minutes but could not find it again. I've never seen anything like this before & what really amazed me was that it didn't fly away quickly, it just disappeared completely."
"Teardrop shaped lights over Ravena NY Went out to get my morning paper, looked up at sky and noticed a teardrop shaper form of very bright white lights, some blinking, some still. There was no sound at all. The object was not visible, only the lights. The object did not move. It stayed completely still in the sky. I called my wife out. She saw it also. We watched it for about 30 minutes, until the sun came up. The object started to fade away with the sun's light. I expected to see a craft of some sort that the lights were attached to, but there was no craft, just lights."
"Big bright star moving east over yakama indian reservation. AT around 5:30 AM i wokeup and was starting to prepare my breakfast, i look out the window at around 5:55 AM and seen a big bright star moving east slowly. This lasted for about a minute, this was in the area above the yakama indian reservation. I could not tell what elevation it was at because it looks like a star. There was four to five flickers grouped together that lasted just a few seconds, it mite of been caused by the tip of a near by tree.  This would be the second time i have seen this here in the morning, the last time i went outside and watched where it disappeard, towards the low valley.  I dont believe this is the ISS because at that time it was traveling over the pacific ocean due south then turned east at the southern tip of south america."
"Formation of four bright lights moving silently through the sky We were waiting for fireworks and a few of us happen to look in the sky and see these four lights moving in a pattern and they stayed moving in a formation. They changed formation several times before disappering out of sight. There were no flashing lights just steady different colored lights changing formations."
"Laser test in the clouds,  son got this laser it was cool to light up clouds, only if it was dark enough.  Did for 5 minutes,  went back inside,  thought nothing.   5 minutes came back out with my bike, going to ride around the lake before bed.  When I jumped on bike going north, happen to look up saw 3 red balls, like glow balls pretty close over head.  Looked like getting closer.   Went in to get son asap and camera.  When my son came out, I was still looking for my phone. When I came back out they were gone but, my son was really excited and said he got them on his phone.  But, when I looked they were not red but white and only two.  I asked and he said he saw three the two.  They moved too weird for plane.  One direction than another in blink, then gone.   But, that's not all.  For days been seeing red balls, not really fire more like glowing red, small and very fast to change direction, than they  leave.  Very close, looks like over the lake even closer at times.  What is this?"
"Exactly at midnight 12 teardopped shapespacecrafts filled the sky and raced in oval shaped patterns very quickly in the sky."
"Oranga and yellow objects that turned to flat black cylindrical shapes Looking North West from my house toward the sunset me and my wife noticed five lights that looked like illuminated clouds only very small and round.  The color being a orange aura with a yellow center that made us think it was the sun reflecting off of clouds in the distance even though there were no others at the time.  The objects seemed to be moving in a horizontal fashion very slowly.  This went on for about two to three minutes until 3 of the objects faded to nothing while the other two faded to what appeared to be flat almost cylindrical black shapes with no aura.  These seemed to stay right in place until they started to move back towards the horizon and out of sight."
"Fast moving Bright Light. I went outside to take my dog to go to the bathroom when I saw a very bright light.  I thought that maybe it was Venus because it was so Bright.  So I just keep staring at this light,which hurt my eyes very much but for some reason I could not stop watching it.I was there staring at this still light for about a minute or so.  Then all of a sudden the light starting moving up, until it disappeared.  That's when i realized it wasn't venus or a plane.  Planes usually move horizontal not vertical. SO I said to my self no this could not be possible and i shake it off when I see the same light except moving really fast but horizontal and it disappeared right before my eyes.  I didn't know what to do or think about what I had just seen before my eyes."
"Solid green point light moving extremely fast horizontally northbound in sky.  3 bright flashes of light and sparks that lit up the sky then instant vertical elevation drop to below horizon.  Other aircraft in the area."
"Circle of intensely bright red lights that initially spewed out falling lights and hovered for a long time before receding slowing up. We were walking in the Hyde Park area of Boise, I saw the intensely bright red light first and called attention to the others we were walking with.  It was almost over-head, but quite high up, then seemed to move very slowly if at all.  It would pulse, not pulse, pulse a different rhythm, not pulse.  There were four of us, and on a side street we found three more people watching with binoculars.  I looked through the binoculars and could see the circle was made up of a circle of lights.  They'd been watching longer, and said initially it was closer, and sparks were coming off and falling down (though it was still very high up).  The light was intense red, but seemed to be going higher up instead of moving on a northward path as we thought it was at first.  We joked about perhaps being the only sober people in the area as most people were glued to sports bars watching BSU football.  One of the people called her fiance and asked him to go outside his house, an! d he saw the same thing, though I do not know where he was viewing this from.  We watched this for over a half hour, and eventually walked back to our friends house, and them drove home to our house.  We live at the base of a mesa in foothills and the line of sight was not very clear. This was unlike anything any of us had seen.  I took a picture with my phone, but it looks like a red dot in the middle of a black field.  I do not have the proper cord to download it to my computer, nor do I suscribe to any picture services to send via my phone contract.  Any suggestions?  I am fine with talking to someone, but make it day-time to return my call, please."
"Drone shape object that suddenly changed direction and disappeared The object was shaped like a drone and was moving slowly across the sky at a north to west direction flying at a level of approximately 1000 feet.  It suddenly completely changed directions and moved upward diagonally from west to east before disappearing into the clouds in a matter of 3-5 seconds."
"metallic disk emerged from one cloud and disappeared behind another. I assume my sighting correlates to another sighting on this date, in this city. Beyond the other witnesses account, I could only guess it was summer (due to the fact that it was still light outside at 7:30 pm) and that it was 1979 or so (based on my age at the time). My older sister and I had been sent to bed early for misbehavior that evening. We were in the back bedroom of a single story duplex on Toulon Dr. in Baton Rouge. Out the back window of the room we saw a large metallic (silver-grey but not shiny) disk with round windows around the upper edge which were amber orange-yellow in color. It emerged from behind a cloud and moved slowly across the sky and into another cloud. During the time we watched and waited, it didn't emerge from the second cloud. The clouds were low puffy white clouds, otherwise the sky was blue, it was early dusk so it was light but not direct sunlight. I couldn't say how high it was in the sky, but it was low enough to see in great detail that it was a disk, that it did have windows (portholes) and that it was not in any way shaped like known aircraft. It was lower than we ever saw planes in that area. The craft moved much slower than you would expect a plane to fly. We heard no noise from inside the house. Being kids and already in trouble, we told our family, but were sent back to bed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright blue flash lit up the sky I was leaving to go to Sanford, ME, and right as we pulled out of the driveway, the sky lit up for a split second bright blue, not around us, but above the tree line. We were a bit stunned and my girlfriend ask if it was just her who saw it, but I did as well, a minute down the road I saw orange/yellow lights, I believe 3 that were visible, moving toward Sanford/Wells area.  No longer could see it once we got onto Route 4. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor.  PD))"
"Line of orbs seen in Nicholasville, Ky.  3/7/19 It was still dark and the sky was clear.  No precipitation. 12-15 bright gold/ flaming looking dots in a line formation, seemingly equal distance apart. They began to move in formation and then separated into small clusters. They began to move in different directions and at different speeds. I was in traffic and could not take a pic or video."
"Large white light visible over Lake Michigan I looked out my east facing window and thought I was looking an early morning moon in the mid-horizon over Lake Michigan.  I thought the moon was obscured by the clouds which was creating an effect of partial visibility.  The light disappeared and I thought it had gone behind the clouds.  I opened the night sky app and pointed it in that direction, and there was no moon there!  Oddly, at the same time, I saw two moving lights, going north to south.  These appeared at first to be in the far distance, but as I tracked them visually, they were decreasing in altitude and appeared between myself and the buildings in front of me.  I suppose these could be drones, used by CP to scout late-night disturbances.  Was just odd to me that there were 2 flying in unison at the same time I saw that weird light in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Three bright orange circular lights in the eastern sky at about 70 degrees.  Largest one was in the center and appeared higher than the two side smaller orange lights.  All moved oddly, not an airplane or a helicopter motion.   I thought they were too close to be helicopters (dangerous) and it was night.   We were driving  and lost sight of the three for a minute and when we stopped and got out of the car and we watched the remaining large orange ball which was stationary, then it began to rise up into the sky and quickly disappeared (out of sight).   Heard a sound but didn't think it was from the remaining large orange ball.  Very unusual.   Could be 10-15 miles west of the longitude and latitude centre of the North American continent."
"Blue light and smaller white light Looked out second story window to see blue light hovering in one spot in the sky to the east. Another smaller white light started moving in un-airplane like manner down and around the blue light. I saw it several nights in a row. The last night I saw it the blue light headed toward the north and the white light zig-zagged around then went down out of site. Other airplanes went by it. I have not seen a blue light like that in the sky before. Or a white erratic light either. Really cool. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Strange orb looking lights floating across night sky in California My cousins & I were sitting outside when she noticed a few lights in the sky floating across in the same direction.  They looked like orbs just floating across sky but there were so many and they made no noise like that of an aircraft.  They did not blink or have any flashing light  but just seemed to disappear.  They looked like white lights floating.  I have video of it to at a certain time frame a light or something below these lights is seen streaking thru the sky below them.  I can't find anything online as far as anyone else seeing this or an explanation."
"I was letting my dogs our for the night when I noticed a very bright object in the Eastern sky It was hovering but lights (red, blue, green and bright white) were gyrating around the center conical shape.  It moved but did not streak or zigzag.  In reference to other stars or the mountains, it appears to be similar in shape and orientation.  It is still visible."
"unknown object in sky seen on photo taken during hike. Four of us were hiking to the top of Whipple Mountain outside of Telluride.  I was taking photos of the scenery and wildflowers.  None of us saw an object during the hike.  During a review of the photos today after getting home, I saw a dark horizontal rectangular brown shape in the sky in one of the phones.  After enlarging the photo, it appears that the edges of the object are indistinct and some sort of light-colored cylinder shape is arising from the brown cylinder.  The Telluride airport is located nearby and we all had been watching planes takeoff and land during the hike.  My husband, a former private pilot, cannot identify the object as possibly being aircraft."
"Moving Star-Type lights In the Sky My children and I just witnessed something strange. We were just getting to sleep when I noticed a light that was blinking through the 3 broken slats in one of our vertical blinds. I asked my son and daughter (ages 7 and 5 respectively) if they could see anything and they said yes they could see some \"blinking lights\". At first I thought \"oh how nice, clear night - stars twinkling\"..then something really odd happened.  Nothing an airplane would do. One of the \"blinking stars\" started ascending in a sort of zig-zag pattern then went to the left (Note: we were looking over the range Mount Charleston is on, perhaps North East, more to the East then North).  Then two more did the SAME thing. I had to open the blind more and my kids saw the other lights do this sort of \"zig-zag\" movement and they gasped. I told them I was going outside to look (they did not want me doing that!) and so I did, just to prove to myself I wasn't looking at some lasers or whatever on my window. Sure enough, there they were, the blinking lights, now a couple of them moving here and there. They are STILL outside the window. My kids are not happy about this for some reason. I've never known them to feel scared about stars or lights before. I think it was HOW they were moving, these \"dancing light-stars\" or whatever the heck they were. I don't know of any airshows in the area and it was like, they were moving about sort of like how you move a push pin around a map, that's how I can somehow explain it. Odd, isn't it? This is not a joke. And my kids do NOT want to snuggle with Mommy in her room at this point. I wish I had a camera but I don't know what I could point out other then \"moving stars\" on a video. I wonder if anyone else in the are saw them too.   Thank you for letting me share."
"Fireball over west palm beach Florida Looked like a fireball traveling fast had a reddish orange tail behind it. Only seen for about a minute. It dissolved into nothing. Also was heading towards space."
"Group of red/orange flashing lights that individually speed out of sight As I was driving home from dinner I started going over a bridge, and looked out south-east and saw about 15-20 red floating dots close together but in no pattern and at the same time they would all blink a light shade of orange.  Though there were 3 that were in a perfect line in the back.   I was on the phone telling the person what I was seeing and noticing everyone in cars around me looking at it also.   When I stopped at a red light I noticed a few were missing then I saw one speed off out of sight.   As I drove farther watching them go off individually I lost sight for a moment and when I regained sight of them there was only 1 left.   I stared at it and watched it speed up then off to somewhere, that's when I noticed my phone had no reception until I had driven about 5 minutes away.   It was odd because I drive through that area plenty of times a day and have never lost reception there before."
"red/orange silent sphere I was at a fourth of july party.  I had seen a red/orange sphere.  The object would increase and decrease in brightness. I thought it was a fire work but I saw that it was moving.  I could not identify it because it was too high to be an rc plane, no planes or helicopters are spheres, and it was completely silent.  I have heard planes and helicopters from above but this thing made no noise."
"In Gaziantep City in Turkey at 15:06pm. At that time I was in the park and the weather was nice with a very clear sky, I looked at the sky at the east nearly 60 degrees from the ground, and saw things I thought they were stars but the sun was bright enough that it\u2019s impossible to see stars by the naked eye . I concentrated more at that scene and they wasn\u2019t stars, they are more than 30 stars like objects and are moving slowly in different directions. They appear from nowhere from the east and moving towards the south. They are high enough that you have to concentrate for 10 seconds to recognize. After 15 minutes from the time I saw them they start to disappear, one or tow where more brighter than the others and then they have all gone. Thank you!"
"Woke up with long surgical mark on left temple vein.  The mark has been there for a week.  I get sharp pain sometimes.  And having tingles. Woke up with surgical mark on left temple vein."
"A triangular object with a light on each corner flies across the highway in a straight line while spinning around. I was in a car going home after hockey practice from Morristown, New Jersey. It was about 10:30 pm, and my mom was driving the car, my sister was in the back asleep. We were on the highway, and there were plenty of airplanes flying around. The sky was cloudy so instead of it being a dark blue/black color, it was sort of light purple and I could easily see the shapes of all of the airplanes against the night sky. hen I saw something flying that didn\u2019t look like an airplane at all. It was triangular shaped and had an off-white light on each corner. It was flying very close to the ground and didn\u2019t produce any noise. We drove almost directly under it. What struck me as most interesting was that it was flying in a straight line, at a constant medium speed, but was spinning around at the same time. At first all I saw were three lights spinning around, but as it got closer I saw that it was a triangle. It wasn\u2019t large at all, and it looked to be about the size of a small commercial airplane, or even a jet. One of the lights on it was blinking as well. It was flying across the highway when I saw it, and I stared at it until it disappeared behind the trees on the sides of the highway. However, it didn\u2019t look like it landed. I only saw one. I saw many other airplanes after that, including commercial airplanes, jets, and small individually owned ones, but none of them had the same shape, light color, or light blinking pattern as the triangular flying object did. I have always been interested in UFO's and have believed in aliens for quite a while, and this definitely looked like something that I've seen on UFO shows. In the past I thought that I'd seen UFO's before, but it took me only a few seconds to realize that it was an airplane. This aircraft however showed no signs of being one."
"Thought it was a star next to the moon until it started to move Another viewer on this site reported July 23, 2015, from Titusville, FL, exactly what we saw on August 22, 2015 at around 8:20PM.  The picture this person took is EXACTLY what we saw!  It was a clear evening sky around 8:20 PM and 3 of us were in the backyard eating, having great conversation.  I looked up at the moon and I pointed out the bright star next to the moon.  My wife and our friend looked up and saw the bright star. I continued to look at this bright star while my wife and friend continued their conversation.  Then the bright star started to move.  I told my wife and friend to look at what I thought was a star, that is now moving. We first observed this object slightly to the right of the moon.  It then started to move left and passed in front of the moon.  Once it passed the moon, it stopped for a few seconds and then continued its path slowly pass the moon until it just faded away."
"Three Identical Craft Sighted Over Palm Spings, California Slowly Come Together...And Vanish. On Sunday, November 18, 2007, my partner and I observed three UFO's flying high in the late afternoon sky over Palm Springs, California. The sightings occurred at approximately 4:30 p.m. The crafts remained visible to the naked eye for about five minutes before disappearing.  We were in the downtown area of Palm Springs when the sighting occurred. I was the first to notice something unusual. I was looking up towards the moon (which was clearly visible to me at that hour) when I spotted an elongated boomerang, or triangular shaped craft flying in a southwest direction. At first, the object appeared to be flying in a straight line like a normal aircraft. It also seemed to be at about the same altitude that a commercial aircraft normally flies while at cruising altitude, approximately 25,000-35,000 feet. From that distance, I would estimate the size of the craft to be similar in size to a small to medium sized commercial aircraft.  While watching the unidentified craft for a minute or so, I noticed that it started to move in ways that normal aircraft don\u2019t. It slowly came to a stop, suspended in midair like a helicopter. That\u2019s when I pointed it out to my partner, who saw the object as clearly as I had. The craft then moved around its location sluggishly and, in what appeared to be, a somewhat erratic fashion. All of the sudden, two other identical craft came into view in close relative proximity to the fist craft. The three objects began to slowly \u201cwobble\u201d towards a center point. For about four or five minutes they leisurely moved around and, on occasion, become completely stationary. Once the objects reached their center point destination, they vanished from sight. It should be noted that the sky at that time of day was perfectly clear with exceptional visibility. Each craft was identical in size and shape to one another. Another unusual attribute of the crafts was that although they were shaped like a boomerang, they flew with the curvature to one side. In other words, the objects flew \u201csideways\u201d. About the witnesses: I am a 47 year-old marketing executive and creative consultant to the motion picture industry. I hold a B.A. degree in Radio, Television, and Film from a major university in southern California.  I am an FAA licensed pilot certified to fly single engine aircraft.  My partner is also 47 years old and has post-graduate degrees in Political Science and Art History from a prestigious and internationally recognized university."
"V-shaped craft makes banked turns at a high rate of speed while buzzing rooftops of businesses and homes. Driving eastward, west of Gila Bend on I-8, my son and I watched a v-shaped craft buzzing the rooftops of homes and businesses.  What made it more than just a plane was its ability to hover and also make sudden banked turns which appeared to be too sharp for the human body to withstand.  It did not perform loops or barrel-rolls, but it did seem to be 'showing off'. If it was manned, it would likely be too small for more than 1 person.  The actions it took over houses and businesses were daring, if not downright dangerous.  5 intensely bright lights were visible only when viewed from the front, but the plane nearly disappear whenever it traveled away from us.  The closest it came to us was perhaps 1/4 mile.  We could hear no sound. This went on for 10 minutes, then it simply leveled-out and moved rapidly, but steadily, to the east and out-of-sight.   I will forever regret that I did not have my camera."
"Strange lights seen with strong winds and shown by leading news channels in India. There were two pair of lights seen in the sky of Karnal, State-Haryana, Country-India in the night of 07/09/2007. The time was approximate 9.00 pm. This news was shown by leading news channels in India. During the sighting there were strong winds in all over the city."
"White lights flashing in my window About 4:00Am I got out of bed to use the bathroom, while there I noticed a white light flashing in the bathroom, I got up looked out my bathroom window on the 2nd floor of my house and saw a triangular silver craft over the one story home across the street, flying very low and slow to the north west. This craft was so low it was flashing in my window.  It had white lights and one red. I could see it was silver color.  It was very low and was traveling very slow. I ran to get my glasses to see better detail, when I returned it was gone.  I am not aware of any craft that looks like what I saw, that flies so low and slow that I could see the lights flashing in my window and the craft itself.  Before I looked out the window I thought it was a police car flashing it light at my house or someone walking their dog with a flash light being we haven't any street lights in my neighborhood.  People often walk their dogs before the sun comes up to avoid the heat. Later that day, I called the FH police department and the FH newspaper and nobody else had called in saying they saw the craft then I thought to google and got this site. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Lights over downtown Austin. Three bright lights hovering over downtown Austin, TX, moving slowly into triangle formation and converging into single point of light. Witnessed from Far West Austin.  One or more helicopters hovering near objects.  Helicopters were easily distinguishable from unidentified lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Side by side shaped Psi Psi symbol, horizontally togehter, green, red and white flashing lights Oblong/diamond.. like 2 Psi symbols placed together horizontally with a cross thru the center connecting sides and top to bottom, bright red and green lights flashing interchanging with white lights flashing.  I live on top of a hill, but there is one larger hill beyond, so the lights looked close to the horizon in the eastern sky in southern California... directly east of Bonsall"
"Red object moving fast, high, hovering over mountain ridge in CO. My husband and I were seated in our living room, in the dark, shortly before 6 PM.  Our chairs face generally north, overlooking what is called \u201cLumpy Ridge\u201d in Estes Park, CO.  He asked me if I saw the red light over the ridge, which brought my attention to it.  He watched it move quickly west, then east, and it came to a stop as I spotted it.  It hovered for several seconds, then sped off to the east and disappeared from our windows\u2019 view. My spouse commented that it was too high and moved too fast to be a plane, a drone, a helicopter.  In addition, he said he saw no light except the red (the entire object was red).  His understanding is that FAA approved aircraft had to have different colored lights on port, starboard, and at the rear.  If this one had those, we would have seen lights with colors other than red as it turned directions.  Instead, we only saw the one color, which would indicate that it was flying back and forward without turning, and he could not imagine a craft that could do that.  Looked too high and fast to be a drone purchased off Amazon.  Not sure what we saw, and if my husband\u2019s impressions about required lighting on approved crafts is accurate.  First time we\u2019ve seen something like this."
"Triangle-shaped UFO hovering over I-495 near Holy Cross Hospital. While driving to work on the westbound lanes of I-495 in Silver Spring, I noticed extremely bright lights in the distance.  There were 2 white lights with a red-light in the center then 2 more white lights. At first it looked like lights from a plane, but they weren\u2019t moving at all, so then I thought maybe aircraft warning lights for a crane, but as I drove closer, I noticed that the lights were just hovering motionless over the highway.  I thought it could be a helicopter but I saw not rotors and heard no engines. When I drove underneath it I saw the dark triangle like shape with wings swept back with a tail.  It reminded me of a backward X-29 plane with the cockpit being the tail but with no engines just a rounded triangle with the lights on the wings. It was hovering approximately 200 feet above the I-495 outer loop across from Holy Cross Hospital.  There was a lot of traffic and I couldn\u2019t have been the only one to see that it was not a plane or helicopter."
"ufos emerge from three small geometric clouds. at 0700 my wife noticed an odd cloud in the SE sky, maybe 2 mi from our house.  If 2 miles is about right, then I would guess it's altitude to be about 1000 ft, and it's size to be about 100 feet high.  No other clouds were visible anywhere.  The cloud looked flat, was vertically oriented, and had perfectly straight sides, and was diamond shaped.  My first thought was that it was some kind of huge kite.  I  looked at it through a spotting scope, and could tell that it was clearly a cloud.  Then I noticed a round object above the cloud, which my wife could see without the scope, and through the scope it had a frisbee shape, with what looked like a hole in the center. The object looked solid, and had clearly defined edges. It began to move downward, extremely slowly, and changed it's orientation so that it looked almost edge on to our viewpoint, then went behind some low hills just south of the Superstition Mtns.  This took place over maybe 2-3 minutes, and while this was happening, the cloud kind of disentegrated into a more or less normal cloud looking shape, and drifted slightly north of where we first saw it.  At this time my wife had to leave for work, and I went back in the house, where I continued looking at this cloud through the scope.  Then another cloud appeared very suddenly, in about the same place.  It appeared to be more edge on, and looked more like a slash, but I could see that it had the same square edged appearance as the first one.  As I was looking at it, a small round piece of it slowly bulged out of the side, near the bottom, and began the same slow drifting kind of descent the first one did.  Thia one however didn't have a definite shape, it just looked like a small piece of cloud, trailing cloud/steam/smoke/? in a very short tail behind it.  It also finally went out of sight behind the hills in about the same place as the first one, and the cloud disentegrated in about the same manner as the first.  Before this second one disappeared, a third cloud appeared, in jus! t about the same place, with the same thing coming out of it.  I called my wife on her cell phone, (she had just gotten on the 60, headed west), and asked her to look in the rear view mirror if she could and tell me what she saw.  She could clearly see three clouds."
"Five stationary lights in sky consisting of a series of vertical lights. I was walking my dog at around 21:00 and looked up to the sky.  I saw a series of vertical lights stationary in the NE sky.  I watched them for about 10 minutes and they did nor move.  I went to get my wife to show her.  When she came out I saw another set of lights towards the north.  I started ti scan the sky and saw three more of the same configuration of lights. None of them were moving.  They were equally spaced about going from the North to East of where I was standing.   I continued to war has them for about 1/2 hour.  They did not move.   I just looked out and the lights are still there it is 21:46.  I will look tomorrow to see if they are still there. When looking at the moon one of the objects was to the right, the others were to the left. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and he sounded to us to be a quite sincere, and serious-minded, witness.  PD))"
"Delta UFO type lights over Hull, UK. I saw a low flying triangular shape craft lights were in a delta shape one leading light and three on each underside of delta shape in straight line.  It was totally silent and glided over about 100 metres above.  The size was approximately 20 to 25m wing span.  The lights were an orange/red colour with a slight haze and underneath the craft, or whatever it was.   Phone is useless in dark as tried to take photo but no image. This is my first sighting of a UFO."
"Huge orange flash of light from satellite going over . Went out on the back porch at around 6:30 pm, and looked up to a clear sky.  I saw what looked to be a satellite going over and then a huge flash from it.  I think it could have been an explosion with an orange color of light.   At first i thought it was a reflection from the sun, but it was too big for that at that far up.  The satellite continued across the sky and out of sight."
"As I walked to the bus stop at the bottom of the hill, I saw several lights, blinking in a sequence just over the trees.  The lights were different colors: red, green, yellow and blue.  The lights were arranged in a line diagonally.  The object was very close, but because of it still being dark out it was hard to make out the exact shape of the aircraft. I didn't tell a soul for several months afterwards. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"what looked like two planes coming head on into eachother I was outside noticing that there were no clouds in the sky. My fiance was in the back yard playing with the dog. I noticed what looked like two airline planes heading right towards eachother. The suspected UFO coming from the East and the plane coming from the West. I called for my finace and told him these two planes look like they are heading right towards eachother. Right when it looked fatal the one coming from the East made a ninty degree shift to the north then proceeded just that quick in the direction it was going previously to the left hand side of the plane. I was astonished. Clearly I am convinced."
"a small row of flashing lights, flying very low I was also driving southbound on interstate 95 between exit 191  and exit 187.  It flew over my car in opposite direction.   It was VERY low and quiet.  I saw a row of flashing white lights, maybe 4.  Shape reminded me of a rectangle, but didn't have long enough to get a good look.   I see on here that someone has witnessed this same event!  I had never seen anything like this either."
"Large silent object that landed and seemed to hover and make fast turns!! My fianc\u00e9 was driving me home after she had gotten off work when I noticed a large bright object in the sky.  We had just passed smith springs road were it intersects with murfresboro road driving away from downtown Nashville.  I was in the passenger seat and saw it to the left and in front of the car. At first I thought I was looking at a helicopter as the object seemed to hover.  But, as we drove closer I could see that the object was long and flat on the bottom and far to large to be a helicopter. Once we made it to our turn at nashboro blv, we could see the object quite clearly and noticed that it had begun to move slowly.  Once we turned from murfresboro on to nashboro blv., the object passed over our car slowly and making no noise at all.  The object was low enough that if I had been on the roof of a nearby house I could almost have touched it.  After it passed over our car we watched it descend into a near by field. We drove around trying to get a better view of where it had landed but were unable to see more then a bright glow from the road.  Neither of us were willing to get out of the car and trek through unknown fields to find it so we drove around hoping we could get a better view.  After about 10 minutes of driving up both smith springs and nashboro blv we saw the craft shoot back into the sky at a steep angle.  After it took off we followed it until the object turned around and a plane passed over us a few seconds later. We made a u-turn at bell road back onto smith springs to follow both the plane and the object. We lost sight of the plane and never saw it again but we did find the object again flying low and parallel to murfresboro road.  We followed it down murfresboro till it came to a halt in the air and then a few moments later it turned and headed back the other way towards nashboro blv again.  Making another u-turn we followed the object turning off murfresboro and back onto nashboro blv. There it traveled straight down nashboro blv and I snapped a few pictures while driving after it. After about 3 minutes the object turned sharply around an came over our car once again.  It was silent and fast and quickly was out of sight seeming to descend again. After this we lost sight of the object and were unable to find it again."
"yellow/orange lights moving south of lockport. Driving on Rt. 93 we noticed 10 bright orange/yellow lights in the sky south west of our position.  They were much brighter than surrounding stars and seemed to be in  formation with 2 in a line followed by a triangle of 3 then 2 more and another triangle of 3.   We pulled over and exited vehicle and observed them for about 2 more minutes.  They were traveling slowly in an easterly direction.  There was no sound from the objects.  We could not observe any shape but they appeared to be too far apart to be from a single source. After viewing for approx. 2 minutes they seemed to fade one at a time until they were no longer visible.  There was a commercial jet making a landing at the time of the sighting. Witnesses were 54 year old male and 43 year old female. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Peter, I apologize.. was lookig at a hotel booking cofirmation and confued the week..  It was 9/8/2012. Thank You ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Silent White Orb UFO followed by other Unidentified Craft August 24, 2010 On August 24, 2010 around 8 pm or so, my girlfriend and I were relaxing outside our apartment in West Nashville, TN.  The sky was clear, with a full moon illuminating the sky considerably. While looking at the moon we witnessed a very bright, solid white, orb-like object float into our field of view.  We don\u2019t know where it originated from as it seemed to have simply appeared. As we watched the light, we witnessed it accelerate fluidly and slow down just the same.  The object was able to make left, right, up, and down movements while changing altitudes quickly.  This object was totally silent, and it traversed the length of our house, but must have been at least a couple of miles away.   The light then moved behind the trees just behind our house.  Yet, being as bright as it was, we were still able to maintain visual contact and track its movement.  We were at this point standing on my neighbor\u2019s porch, my girlfriend on my right, when the object vanished.  Simultaneously, a shooting white light shot off into space faster than lightening.  The light trail was almost imperceptible to the eye, and it\u2019s duration a fraction of a second.  Almost like a reverse shooting star. At this point, we were stunned because we knew it was like nothing we had ever seen.  As we sat and discussed the object/light, we continued watching the sky. It couldn\u2019t have been mo re than 5 or ten minutes since the other object vanished when we began to see multiple high-altitude aircraft flying towards the area where the object had been.  These aircraft made no sound, and had blue and red quick flashing/blinking lights.  These lights flashed quickly and they appeared to be set in a rectangular shape or pattern.  One after another, these aircraft continued to appear at what looked like the same altitude and speed; the latter being hard to estimate.  At one point, it appeared these craft were assuming a triangular formation or were flying in a formation directly above where we witnessed the first object. I estimate seeing at least 10 of these aircraft, and I do not believe these were commercial aircraft.  I think it\u2019s possible they were military in nature, and that they also may have been circling the area.  These aircraft eventually disappeared, maintaining the same direction, speed, and altitude."
"Driving at night near the Northern California Coast - six orange orbs in the sky Witness one - I was in the passenger seat of a car when I saw six orange orbs in the sky.  They appeared to be floating slowly.  Before the driver could pull over, four appeared to get further away (into space) and changed their color to blue, looking like any other star in the sky.  Witness two - I was driving when witness one alerted me to the orange lights in the sky.  By the time I was able to safely pull over and look, only two lights remained.  The seemed to be moving slowly or they were a far distance away.  One seemed to grow bigger as it got &quot;closer.&quot;  Suddenly one disappeared (like the other four), then one reappeared shortly after quite far from where the other disappeared.  The remaining orb of the first two looked as if it was disappearing, but then it just changed to a bluish color that matched the night sky and made it look like a star.  The other orb moved slowly and then shortly disappeared after the other one."
"Hi,   My name is ((name deleted)), I live in Irmo, SC...just outside of Columbia, SC...to the NW. Last night just before dusk I saw a single orange/red ball? moving in a straight line, moving from the south to the north...it never varied speed or appeared to vary in altitude, made no noise and wasn't moving as fast as a plane or helio.  We had a cloud cover last night, that should limit the altitude...we had very little wind last night as well....I'd have to rule out a balloon with a light attached as it was moving faster than the wind was blowing. It had no trail behind it, no flames or smoke that I could see. The reason for this e-mail is that I have just done a search of the site, I see that on many occastions, thoughout the state, there have many many reports of the same type.....any conclusions or explaination?   Thanks  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that he is a highly reliable, and highly skilled observer.  PD))"
"August, 2nd 11:45 pm. I saw a oval -teardrop shaped UFO up close with binoculars,.ASTOUNDING! I am still perplexed..... Dear Mr.Davenport or staff, I am reporting this sighting again because I have a feeling you all don't believe me or think its a hoax.  Forgive me if it was a backlog issue.  I re edited my own report to shorten it up a bit.  I am in my middle ages and I pretty much know what belongs in the sky and what is not the norm.  I am also a ametuer astronomer.I ask you please to delete my report and all data pertaining to me if your not going to use this report.  I would testify under oath in a court of law that all I have said is true if I had too.I wished others had reported craft from Tulsa that night to back up my sighting. Thank you sincerely,  ((name deleted)). August 2 2008 East Tulsa Oklahoma  11:45 pm  While laying down studying stars and constellation's with binoculars,I noticed with my bare eyes to the east of me at about 80 degrees, 600 to 800 feet high, a craft traveling at high speed, flying from south to north before loosing site of it. My eyes were well adjusted to the dark since I was already studying the stars.The sighting lasted 10 seconds.Five with bare eyes and about five with binoculars. It was brownish red/amber in color and shape was oval- teardrop.It had some sort of membrane/aura around it.Amazingly I already had my binoculars in my hands,the timing was incredible!I zoomed in on it up close,it was squared off in the front like bay windows yet rounded as it tapered towards the back.The very back was rectangle in  shape, totally silent, stayed at constant speed, no lights at all.No way was it a balloon, it was a dead air night no wind whatsoever and the sky was clear.Left no smoke/con trail.When observed through binoculars the membrane was transparent,and oval in shape.I could see through the haze but the \"teardrop\" shaped craft was solid,defenantly mechanical in shape. It was traveling too fast on a horizontal heading to be a weird looking balloon.It was not a plane, as close as it was I would have heard the engines, This craft was silent.I would guess the size at 30x20x5'.I honestly can say now that I have seen something in the sky that I can not explain!It was not a satellite,plane,hang glider, balloon,jet,dirigible,shooting star,ISS or helicopter.I have seen many satellites and meteor's,we live in a City with a International Airport so I have seen all kinds of aircraft including military aircraft.It truly was a UFO by its very definition! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Rectangle object observed at estimated 20000 feet with well lit interior beige lights. Walking my dog, when from south to north a rectangle shaped object crossed the night sky at about 20,000 feet.  It had interior bright lights that shone through several windows.  There was no sound.  It came into view instantly, went over and out of view in 15 seconds.  It looked like a trail way bus on its side with all the windows lit from bright interior lights.  I felt that I was being observed from a sight-seeing bus from another dimension."
"It started as a small purple light.  Suddenly it changed to colorful green and blue all around as of the light expanded.  Then it went to a small red light and then back to a small purple light.  It was located  above the Subway sandwich shop but a little further back into the neighborhood. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 Fireballs aligned in perfect symmetrical shapes such as a pyramid and then a perfect line. Saw 3 orange fireball looking flying objects in the shape of a perfect pyramid in the night sky.  They stayed perfectly still and suddenly all aligned perfectly spaced out and in a perfect line.   Then one at a time they disappeared very rapidly."
"It looked like 5 projectile white lights hovering above us about 100 feet flying in a pattern. As we drove it looked like it was following us.  We took a video and all that showed was a bright green light moving which we had not seen with our naked eyes. when we were about to head in and then the pattern changed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Lights moving in groups of 3, forming shapes and blinking. I'm a normal guy, living in southern Spain. Last night, me and my family were chilling outside our cottage, when at around 23:45 (local time), we saw a group of approx.  10 white lights (just like stars), blinking, moving and grouping in the sky.  They started to form shapes, first a big circle then a vertical line and then a strange symbol like a question mark. They moved in groups of 3 and were constantly blinking.  During this entire exhibition we could see how the lights got closer and further to us at a fast speed, then something similar to a bright red shooting star crossed the area leaving a red trail.  Finally, the lights started to fade until they disappeared, all this lasted for 30 minutes or so, we called our friends and were shaking all the time. 10 minutes after they disappeared, some aircrafts started to overfly area, coming from different angles but all of them going to the same spot, one every couple of minutes, which is completely unusual. We are all pretty sceptics with these things but when this happened, we were shaking, it was the most incredible thing we ever saw and we can\u2019t find an explanation. I\u2019ve searched a lot but couldn\u2019t find anything.  I found some tweets from people that may have seen the same at the same time, but just a couple and that\u2019s all\u2026  We\u2019ve read about satellite lights and it\u2019s definitely NOT that.  Our first thought was that it could be some drone exhibition or tests but everything that happened around it was just too weird (the red shooting star, all the aircrafts flying the area after the lights disappeared\u2026). Tried to record this and take some pictures we didn\u2019t have any proper equipment and our phones wouldn\u2019t show it."
"Light(s) near a hot air balloon during a balloon festival at Logan County Airport, Lincoln, IL I took the photographs of the possible UFO on Friday, August 27, 2010.  I was at the hot air balloon festival at Logan County Airport at Lincoln, Illinois.  The two photos were at 6:27 p.m. less than one second apart (probably consecutively).  The shutter speed was one 200th of a second.  I was facing east or southeast as I was taking the photographs.  The sky was very clear and the weather was good.  I did not see the object(s) when I photographed them. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible lens flares, but we cannot be certain.  PD))"
"Orange fireball looking object moving fluidly across sky over Wasilla moving fast enough to appear propelled.  Stopped and then disappeared."
"Large, orange glowing \u201cstars\u201d, rapidly blinking lights, and USOs fill the night sky and gulf waters in PCB My son and I were on vacation in PCB last week.  We were staying right on the beach in the west end.  On Wednesday night, just after sundown, I went out to my balcony to watch the stars and smoke a cigarette.  I looked up and directly in front of my POV in the sky, which was the second floor of the hotel, was a bright, orange, glowing light like the color of Mars in the night sky.  First one, then multiple glowing \u201cstars\u201d appeared after about 30-45 minutes of the first one.  At first I thought it was a flare, but it was too big and didn\u2019t arc and burn out and fall towards the gulf.  These lights would dim and then just disappear only to appear in a completely different spot from the previous one.  At one point, there was a glowing orange light to my left higher up in the sky and simultaneously one to my right slightly lower and seemed closer.  The one to the right split into 2 balls, and the one to my left split into 4 balls.  This happened several times.  The entire event l! asted about 4 hours.  Also, when the glowing orange \u201cstars\u201d would disappear, there would be blinking lights all around - sometimes one, other times 2-3.  They, too, would just disappear and then reappear somewhere else in the sky.  These \u201cstars\u201d didn\u2019t move they just glowed and disappeared or multiplied then disappeared.  However, the last one of the night glowed brightly for about 15 minutes then split into two orange \u201cstars\u201d and started moving towards our building.  They turned into (?!?) flying vehicles with flashing red and white lights.  When they were overhead, they appeared to be boomerang shaped with the lights being on the bowed part which seemed to be the front of the vehicle.  There was no sound. We also saw this same night, in between the glowing orange \u201cstar\u201d show, a triangular (right triangle) formation of three stars.  Then a forth one appeared in between the two stars that were farthest apart, for example a right triangle with \u201cA\u201d being the point, \u201cB\u201d and \u201cC\u201d being the points of the right angle.  This \u201cD\u201d point appeared between stars \u201cA\u201d and \u201cB\u201d.  A few minutes later, my son pointed out that the fourth star or \u201cD\u201d, which was not twinkling, was moving.  We watched it slowly move north, and then speed up once it was at what appeared to be a right angle to the right triangle.  It eventually flew over our building.  This object was made of white light, had no sound, and was maybe just outside of our atmosphere or miles into the upper atmosphere. The really strange thing is earlier that evening, just when the sun was above the horizon, I was sitting on the balcony watching seagulls attempting to catch their dinner when one of them flew straight up into the sky (very high) and then flew straight out towards the horizon.  Now there were no clouds in the sky and no fog.  I continued watching this bird as its behavior just seemed odd to me, until it flat disappeared in the middle of its flight to the horizon.  The first orange glowing \u201cstar\u201d appeared where the seagull had disappeared. I took several pictures, but unfortunately, they\u2019re not so great as my phone\u2019s camera is really poor quality. Once the orange, glowing \u201cstars\u201d finished their \u201cshow\u201d, we noticed about 30 minutes later a bright red light on the horizon actually on the water.  It was motionless for approximately 20-25 minutes.  All of a sudden, it took off across the horizon line at a tremendous speed.  It appeared to be hovering above the water.  I have grown up on the coast and have never seen anything that big move that fast.  The distance had to be at least 6-7 miles out and there was no sound.  It had red and white lights.  It got to a certain point coming all the way across the horizon line and disappeared. Whatever we witnessed, along with several other guests at the hotel, was like nothing I\u2019ve ever seen (and I\u2019ve seen the space station and satellites.  None of these objects or activities was even similar to what I\u2019ve witnessed before.)"
"Bright diagonal lights, slowly dim away Sitting outside & witnessed two circular shaped lights parallel to each other.  One on top & one on bottom.  Diagonal to each other.  Lights were brighter than any star in sky.  Slowly dimmed & faded away, didn't change position or move. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Very bright red light hovering over western residential area of Las Vegas for a short time. A very bright round red light was hovering high over the residential area west of the strip moving very slowly and stopping in place, then suddenly disappeared.  Was quite high up but appeared very large and much brighter than a drone would be. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Two cluster of lights stationary in sky 45 degrees off horizon January 20, 2009  Marathon, Florida   About 5:00 AM EST   I observed two close packed clusters of lights (no observable space between the lights) from my window looking northward on the gulf side of Marathon in the Florida Keys that remained stationary in the sky about 45 degrees off the horizon.   I watched them long enough to be sure they were not aircraft or satellites.  The one on the west from my vantage point was slightly higher than the one toward the east.  They were about 10 degrees apart.  The right hand cluster blinked very slowly approximately every two to three seconds it would disappear for two to three seconds.  At one point a very bright and fast ball of light shot down all the way to the horizon from the left hand cluster.   Having seen many shooting stars I knew that I was not observing one.   During the five minutes I observed this happened only once. The two groups of lights remained in the same position in the sky during my entire observation. I am a 63 year old college educated female ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orange and red pulsating ball traverses a small portion of the sky and vanishes I observed this object in the North West sky for approximately a minute before it flickered and vanashed.  The object glowed an orange and red color and there was no trail preceding.  This is a clear night and there are no clouds.  Speed and size of the object could not be determined; however, there were man made aircraft visible and the radiating light from those appeared significantly smaller.  Could this have been a satellite?"
"Object that appeared to be satellite, changed speed and course, then stopped and hovered.  Object split in two and departed I took my dogs for a walk and was watching satellites fly over. After viewing 5 satellites within an hour, I returned home and went out back to have a smoke.  I subsequently looked-up not expecting to see another object after 5 satellites in quick succession, and sure enough what first appeared to be a 6th satellite moving at variable speeds, then slowed, turned roughly 110 degrees to north and stopped then hovered at approximately orbit elevation for about 3 minutes before splitting in two and flying away in separate directions.   I am a firm believer in a multitude of life forms existing in this and other universes and in other dimensions as well, however this is the first unexplainable/unidentifiable object I've been privileged to see,   AWESOME...They're Here!!!"
"Three circular craft changing shape SW of Hobbs, NM. Just got out of work with my friend at the school cafeteria at my college and seen these weird shapes in the sky.   They seemed to be changing shape but could not tell from what to what.  I zoomed in with my junk cell phone camera and snapped a pic.  It was just before sunset looking southwest from the NMJC campus.   It vanished and my buddy said, \"It's gone.\" ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photo, and believe that the three objects are street lamps.  The pole beneath them is visible in the photo.  We have encouraged the witness to take another photo of the same area, to certify whether there is a street lamp at the location shown in the photo.  PD))"
"I was going to bed when I noticed colorful lights blinking outside.  It definitely wasn't a plane or Christmas lights.   I went to look and it was a flying cylinder shaped object.  It was dark, so I couldn't really see how it looked like.  It had lights that were blinking, like plane lights and it could not be a plane, even though I live near an airport.  If it was, I would have been able to hear a loud thundering noise flying over my house.  It was at least 2 yards high above the roof of a house.  It flew past 2 houses near mine and then swerved to front part of my house.  I went to see it from my foyer window.  It was small from a far distance.  It flew across the window view and headed for the woods clearing nearby.  After that, I couldn't see where it went. My cousin who was driving in the neighborhood on the way to my house and hour and a half earlier said that she saw it come from the neighborhood across the street and come to my neighborhood.  It went behind some houses then swerved towards the direction of her car and then turned back and flew somewhere else.  My guess is that it probably has something to do with the government like calculating census or there looking for someone.  I do not believe that it is a UFO from outer space. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  We cannot confirm that this is a serious report.  PD))"
"Multiple red llights in a row sighted  from my home in Antioch , Calif. On New Years Eve night me and three other friends went outside at midnight to bring in the New Year. We had some confetti we were trying to throw into the air and after I heard alot of fireworks go off in the distance.  That caught my attention to look to the left of me and I saw four reddish orange circular lights appear out of no where.  I told everyone else to look up to the left as well and we all saw the same thing.   We couldn't figure out what it was.  They were all four in a row .  Then all of the suddne a fifth one entered from the left side of the formation.  They stayed there for what seemed about five minutes then they all just disapeared at the same time into the dark like magic they were gone!!  It was quite strange.  Never had we seen anything like this.  However there have been quite a few sightings of other things in this general area of Antioch, Pittsburg , and Oakley, Calif.  A few friends of my family have actually had a UFO hover over them in their cars .  That was really strange as well.  They were so shook up they thought for sure they were going to be abducted.  Lots of real life stories out here.  I have had alot of ghosts in my houses out this way as well.  The police said they have even seen them and have had so many calls about strange things happening  in their homes.  My last home that a sold at least five more families have moved into it just to move out again.  I know why !!!"
"Two sets of three round lighted aircraft objects Sighting 09/20/12  There are two half circles of three lights each in Houston:  1.  Above the Transco/Williams Tower at Loop 610 West near Richmond/Alabama. 2.  Above the Post Oak/Uptown Area at Loop 610 West and Post Oak Blvd. Details on #1. I was standing on the east side of Transco/Williams Tower and looked up at the beacon light.  I noticed a very distinct object that wasn\u2019t moving.  I looked again about ten minutes later and the object had progressed several feet eastward and that is when I noticed the pattern of three lights. Facing west, the three objects were positioned with the first light at the 18:00 position, the second light at the 15:00 position and the third light at the 12:00 position. Details on #2. While standing in the same location, I looked northward and noticed the second set of three objects.  These lights were positioned again in the same positions of 18:00, 15:00 and 12 noon. There appeared to be more than one light on each object, possibly red and white. My question is this; are these US machines up there? Monitoring busy city areas? Or are these foreign machines up there monitoring US areas of interest? Are the UFOs and what are they monitoring?  Very strange. There were two of us that saw the same thing. Background info: college graduates, mid 40s, one male, one female, not related, US citizens"
"A circular orange blue UFO appeared in the sky, left and then came back followed by 3 jets. Bight orange yellow light, flashing blue.  Hovered for around 5 minutes, then went southeast in a straight line.  10 minutes later, it came back heading northwest followed by 3 jets in a line. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides contact information that appears to be invalid.  PD))"
"Since summer 2016, there have been small glowing stationary lights (resembling) stars, but, with a alternating  red light and amber colors.  Since they were small like stars and silent and have been many each night over the 2016 summer, I assumed they may be satellites, but not sure and this happened each night throughout the entire summer in all areas of the sky, but most noticeable in the same places each night.  Then as the night grew later more would appear.  They are  spaced out over the entire night sky surrounding my area.  However, last night, November 4, 2016 at approximately 8 pm, along with the smaller glowing, alternating amber and red star like objects (which I assumed were satellites, and still many of them over the sky in all direction, there were 2 additional and very very different objects.  Not only bigger in size (they were huge) but not clear on the shape even with my binoculars.  These things were glowing red and stationary, but, began fl! ashing, on and off in no particular sequence (as if speaking to each other) then, they began moving simultaneously, side by side across the sky at a speed different from any airplane or craft, not making any noise whatsoever.  They would stop and hover for a bit, then begin moving and again side by side, simultaneously, and flashing their lights periodically until they were out of view.   I have never ever seen anything that big and completely different than any airplane, blimp or craft that I have  you see in the night skies.  There is something strange going on and that unnerved me a bit.  I am a little scared about these objects, but, mostly excited...I pray others have or will see them, too, and report it."
"Three reddish orange crafts hovering in the form of a perfect right triangle. I was coming home from work up a steep hill, and at the crest of the hill, I noticed three bright reddish orange circular crafts hovering off the in distance in the shape of a perfect right triangle.  Immediately, I thought of it being UFOs, with no hesitation I told my mother, with whom I was on the phone, just that.   After making a turn in a new direction, I could still see them through the trees, and I could still see them hovering at the crest of the next hill.  They weren't obscenely bright, but they weren't moving, and there were no stars visible at all. I lost sight of them when I reached home."
"Triangular craft moving very fast in odd directions. At 2:30 am I looked to the sky and noticed a large triangular shaped light.  The Light moved in a zig-zag pattern then quickly went from the western sky to the southern sky.   I had my girlfriend come outside to look at it and it stayed in the southern sky for about 25 minutes.  It went from close up to far away and made small movements.   I recorded video's and took some pictures with my phone."
"The craft emitted light / chem trail. The chem trail seemed to be the source of the light. There was another craft trailing first pulsating light. ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Vandenberg AFB @ 5:26 p.m..  PD))"
"A large  rotating UFO over the coast of Oregon with smaller orb like lights last night at 10:15 p.m.  My husband stepped outside for a smoke. In the sky above the ridge line was an enormous pulsing light. Red, yellow, blue, orange.... It kept flashing. My husband grabbed the binoculars to see if he could get a better view. He positioned the binoculars on the railing of the porch and took a look.  The lights were rotating around, the object was spinning.  Then a small light began to drip (Like melting wax on a candle) a singular droplet of light started to descend to the tree line. It moved so very slowly.  Slow like 1/10 the speed of a feather falling  When it reached the level of about half the height of the trees trunks height it zoomed to the west.  Still visible the light flickered as it passed between the trees.  Then another began to fall from the ship, as slow and steady as the last. They looked like white glowing orbs.   The size of baseballs to me.  Then the lights shot through the trees in many directions, before returning back to! being beneath the big rotating lights, which had been steadily moving North (the size of 2 basketballs).  This continued until I had visually counted 6, my husband watching along side me. Then just as they had descended, like rewind but very very slowly the lights ascended back to the bright rotating lights. When the last white glowing orb was absorbed the entire thing vanished. This lasted over 20 minutes. We called a friend to see if he could see it or come to watch from our house because the view was so astonishing. We were on the phone with him almost the entire time. Then about 30 minutes later we stepped back out to see if it was back, and we watched what we thought was possibly a satellite move slowly over the house, but just as my husband was explaining why he thought this was a satellite it swerved very quickly and vanished."
"6 red balls, and each ball had a microsized ball next it, red balls turned silver or grey then disappeared 6 red balls rise up over planet fitness in the sky they fly away, each red ball had a micro sized ball next to it, as they flew over they turned grey/silver then dissapeared ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  We assume an evening sighting, and we have amended the date above.  PD))"
"Blacked Out Disk Silently Traverses Canyon. While on a mule deer hunt, at approximately 0300, I woke due to digestive issues.  I started walking toward the bathroom which was located north of the truck I was sleeping in.  While walking, I looked up at the sky. The sky was overcast with altocumulus, turning into altostratus.  The moon was waning, about half full, which was located behind my travel of direction.  The clouds were not thick enough to block moonlight, which made the clouds very visible. While I looked up, I saw a blacked out disk silhouetted against the clouds, no lights, traveling at a high rate of speed from the NW, heading SE.  I estimated the speed at about 500MPH.  Similar to an F16 on a strafe run.  The objects altitude I guessed to be 1000ft above ground level.  After the object disappeared over the canyon rim, I looked for a follow up disk, which did not appear.  The object never made a sound. I proceeded along my way as if I saw nothing. Until now, I had completely forgot about the event.  This is what I find strange.  I am a former Meteorological Observer, trained by the US Military.  I have seen just about all military aircraft fly both in daylight and night.  This was not one of ours.  Why then, did I not act excited or scared by what I observed, or even remember the event till 6 months later?  I treated it like a mundane viewing of an A10. Has anyone else had an experience similar to this?  My meaning, observing something like a ufo, and acting like you didn't care about it, then forgetting the sighting.  I had always wanted to see something I couldn't explain.  My reaction is not what I expected it to be."
"three stationary alternating red lights and one white light NOT MOVING visible from QEW at dawn Hovering steadily at a fixed point.  Right above the shore of lake Ontario at 7th street.  Perhaps six or seven hundred feet up, it was at a 30 degree angle with a white light shining towards the ground.  It had 3 alternately lighting red lights on its side.  It did not move.   Visible from the QEW at dawn."
"More Reddish-Orange light activity in North Myrtle Beach, SC. Background  Since mid-July of 2012, there have been numerous and semi-regular sightings of unidentified \u201corange balls\u201d of light in the North Myrtle Beach, SC area.  The sightings have been ongoing, as recently as within the past week.  In an effort to witness these anomalous events, the author went to the area in question to observe on October 5, 2012. Two witnesses observed two instances of some anomalous aereal objects, and hereby submit this report. The witnesses conducted a field observation between dusk (approximately 7:30pm) and 10:30pm.  Subsequent to the sightings the witnesses did not discuss what they saw in any detail, preferring to prevent contamination of their individual accounts. Weather/visibility conditions  Clear until 9:30pm, then scattered altocumulus at 10,000' until 10:15pm, then clear. Temperature 77 degrees, Barometric pressure 29.95 in/Hg, Winds South at 12kt. Average amount of haze and ground lights, restricted observation of stars to 4th magnitude. Sighting 1:  Time \u2013 8:35pm Duration of sighting: ~30 seconds Distance from observer:  Unknown Elevation above MSL:  Unknown Heading arc of object:  ~8 to ~10 degrees Azimuth of object:  ~ 15 degrees above horizon constant  Witness 1 Narrative:  I was sitting in a chair on the beach facing east.  I was watching the sky to the south, and turned towards the north and saw a bright reddish-orange light in the sky, with a magnitude of approximately -4.   I alerted Witness 2 to the object, who also observed it.  It traveled from left to right at the same elevation, and after about 15 seconds faded to a small pinpoint of light, with a magnitude of approximately 0.  It traveled toward the right (northeast) and gradually faded away to invisible. I am well versed in astronomical, meteorological, and aviation disciplines, and while the course taken by the object first appeared to be that of a conventional aircraft, I have never seen a configuration of lights of the sort.  There were no strobes (red/white), nor wingtip lights (red/green), and the object simply disappeared. Sighting 2:  Time \u2013 8:42pm Duration of sighting: ~60 seconds Distance from observer:  Unknown Elevation above MSL:  Unknown Heading arc of object:  ~15 to ~20 degrees Azimuth of object:  From  ~ 8 to ~12 degrees above horizon  Witness 1 Narrative:  Alerted to the activity reported in Sighting 1, I concentrated my subsequent observation on the same area.  Seven minutes after the first sighting, I observed a very bright reddish-orange light very low to the horizon, estimate about 8 degrees, low enough to be partially obscured by the roofs of the nearby beach houses.   I again alerted Witness 2 to the object, who also observed it.  The object was rising in elevation to a maximum of approximately 12 degrees above the horizon, in clear view.  It was traveling from right to left, and was observed for approximately one full minute, traversing approximately 20 degree range of heading, and exhibiting similar flight and behavioral characteristics:  very bright, in the order of magnitude of estimated -4 to -6 for the majority of the time of observance, then fading to a clear white pinpoint of light with an estimated magnitude of 0 or 1, and finally disappearing altogether.  While the course taken by the object first appeared to be! that of a conventional aircraft, the lighting presentation was unconventional.  There were no strobes (red/white), nor wingtip lights (red/green), and the object simply disappeared."
"Above my home a large/huge dark unshaped figuer, blending in as a star passing threw from east to west in 15min On 10/11/2008 at 2:35am A clear night, quiet shining stars above as I looked up then a object started to head my way closer toward my home and above getting closer towared my way I looked harder trying to identify on the shape it looked like a star, then I looked at the other stars as they were a resemblance to the object. I could not see a shape to the object it was a pitch black shape form like a house it looked like the stars but it was glidding up above the houses toward and above my home area.I did not hear any noises from the object. I was scared and ran inside to call my sons out and see it too. Within mins it was over to the west side in the far left side . My neighbor got some footage on it with his camcorder of security."
"12 or so orange orbs appearing and fading away, all going the same speed, in the same direction. Me and my friend were out for a walk, and on our way back to the house, we saw 2 orange glowing orbs floating, perfectly in sync with one another.   Roughly 30 seconds after we first spotted them the orb on the bottom started to fade out and eventually disappeared.  Another 30 seconds after the bottom orb faded away the top one started to fade out.   When me and my friend turned onto the road we live on we saw another orange orb floating in the exact same direction at the same speed.  This one also lasted roughly 30 seconds before fading away.   For the next 5 minutes or so, more of these orbs were appearing and fading away all the exact same way as the first 2.  The orbs also seemed to be moving farther away the closer we came to them.  These orbs had no flashing lights or trails from behind them."
"Three round lights attached in a triangle shape. Making raped 90 degree movements  500 Lights On Object0: Yes One craft.  Three round lights in a triangle patern. Flying in an unconventional pattern of 90 degree fast movement.  The lights would get a little brighter at each rapid movement. I had a thought and wondered if they knew we were following and suddenly it zoomed into space. My next thought was, like ESP from the pilot of the craft.  There is your answer.  This craft would move like 90 deg here then there closer then further.  Zipping  90 deg one way then a 90 deg another then another etc. like the crew inside would had to be in a kind of protective field in order not to be thrown about the craft.  Nothing on this earth could make that kind of sudden movements.  It was really impressive. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"UFO over Clovis California in June 2007 Around 10 to 11pm my husband stepped out to our back yard to smoke a cigarette. After being out there a short time I heard him yell for me. Annoyed that I had to get up and go out back (I was tired from working all day) to see what he wanted I was stunned when I approached him and he was pointing at a brite white object in the sky. He explained to me he had spotted the object and was watching it and noticed there were no flashing lights like a plane or helicoptor have on the outside, and the object seemed to be perfectly round in shape and all white (like a perfectly round ball of light). It was flying at a really high altitude, but still very visable.  My husband does not believe in aliens and he thinks UFO's are probally just new top secret aircraft by the government.  However when 2 fighter jets scrambled and began after the object he called me out to see.  I observed the white object in the clear night sky and I watched it streak across the sky in a straight path.  After the jets took off  (we live close to the airport) it went off it's then straight path and began to rapidly zig zag from one point to another.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing, no known aircraft I know about could be moving like that. We watched the objects and the jets as long as we could, till the trees got in our way, and we then ran to the front of the house and stood in the middle of the road. By the time we got to the front we could still see the 2 fighter jets but the object they were pursuing was now gone. Background on us: I am a medical assistant for well known doctor in Fresno. I have no criminal history and do not use drugs legal or nonlegal and do not drink.  I do believe in aliens and UFO's.  My husband owns his own buisness and also does not do drugs legal or nonlegal however he occasionally drinks beer.  He does not believe in aliens and thinks UFO's exist however they are just unknown top secret aircraft.  We are both christians and have kids."
"Light balls. Saw 2 bright blueish white light balls traveling one in front of the other heading northwest and then transcending into a field and disappearing.  No sound."
"I think I saw the TR-3B / Aurora aircraft tonight... I was heading home from class on 6/27/2013 I took the bayside bridge in Pinellas county, Florida heading north  Once I hit the bridge around 9:15-9:25 I noticed some strange lights on the water\u2019s surface to the right and in front of me\u2026  As I kept driving I noticed IT was moving south, opposite of my direction very slowly\u2026 It didn\u2019t take me long to notice what I was seeing wasn\u2019t normal\u2026  Some kind of aircraft that appeared to be about 30 feet long with 3 very bright lights on the bottom within 100yards of the bridge. The lights on the bottom were dome shaped that were focused in a beam, not like a flashlight ... and  I couldn\u2019t make out much except that the aircraft\u2019s body was completely black, nearly at eye level from the bridge,  This thing was moving way too slow for it be a regular plane coming in for landing and it didn\u2019t have any blinking lights, made no noise what so ever\u2026 Since I saw it at eye level the body of the craft seemed to be about 10-15 feet tall\u2026 IT looked just like the TR-3B or Aurora aircraft\u2026  As I passed it I tried to keep my eyes on it, but I had to keep looking ahead so I didn\u2019t crash while driving\u2026 I looked back and it was gone\u2026 It appeared to be landing at The St.pete-Clearwater international airport."
"I was driving down the road came to a stop sign.   As i slowed i saw a bright flash of red and white light to my right.  I then noticed in my rear view mirror a red light.   When i looked back i saw four red lights in a diamond pattern, about 100 yds behimd me maybe 75 yds above the ground(estimation).   I then fled the scene.   About a half mile later looked back and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Multiple Crafts (7-8) - 3 Super Bright White Spot Lights w/Shooting/Flickering Traveling in a car, for the entire duration of our trip, we witnessed a super bright white light in the sky.  I was curious as to what it was since it was not moving, but standing completely still in mid-air, too high in the sky to be a cell phone tower.  As we proceeded to get closer, the light, we noticed, was actually 2 spot lights.  At that point we thought it was a plane, the lights being the 2 wing lights.  I began to notice a \"shooting\" type light, flickering from side to side, from one white light to the other.  I know that a plane's wing lights flicker, but they don't shoot across the plane's wings!  At this point, I was sure it was an alien craft.  I kept my eye on this thing the whole trip, and as we came to the stop light, we were directly beneath it, as it hadn't moved the entire time we were driving.  I actually rolled the window down and looked up into the sky to witness yet another light, which formed a perfect triangle with the other 2 light! s, and was sitting still in the sky as of yet.  I said to my friend, \"This is a UFO, an alien craft!\"  As I said this, the craft then (after 15 minutes of keeping my eye on it) began to move slowly with the wide end of the triangle as the front of the craft, shooting lights and all, and headed south toward the Monee/Peotone area.  I took my eyes off of the craft and then immediately noticed 6 or 7 more identical lights in the sky around the Frankfort/Mokena/Tinly Park area.  They were the same color, brightness, and height as the previously seen craft.  They looked just like the first one before I was close enough to see the shooting light."
"When I was in High School I saw a UFO. I was early at my bus stop that morning and nobody was around.  I looked up I saw the moon in the far distance and a sphere object next to it that was much closer. The sphere had a light blue, pink mix.  The sphere started to move in a zigzag motion. It blanked on and off and it disappeared then reappeared then it was gone. I don\u2019t know what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Three orange lights in triangle shape hover in the sky above us then disappear. My friends and I were in the backyard hanging out for New Year's Eve, when one of us saw three large orange orbs glowing in the sky.  We all looked up and everyone saw them. They were in he shape of a triangle with an orange light at each tip.  After a few minutes one of the lights went out, followed by the other two.  They didn't change locations or make any sound, just disappeared."
"Red-orange round disc lights (100+) moving across night sky in Kenmore, WA, on April 27, 2014. At 8:30 p.m. until 9:00 p.m. Sunday evening on April 27, 2014, my husband and I witnessed over 100 plus orange/red objects that were lighted from within moving across the sky.  This occurred in Kenmore, WA, with the sky a bit overcast and winds at 15 mph moving SSW.   The objects were arising into the night sky in groupings of about 15-20 at a time consistently throughout the half-hour.  They remained lit as they move about as fast as a crow flies from Kenmore moving toward Kirkland, WA. The King County Police stated that they had received two other calls sighting these objects over the Kirkland, WA, neighborhood.  As these objects moved, they remained lit, bright orange/red and moved smoothly across the sky.  None of these objects darted in any direction or sped up at any time. No other objects were visible after 9:00 p.m. Sunday evening, April 27, 2014.  We have not witnessed anything like this before on since that evening.  Both of us have been residents of the area since 1951. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone on the night of the sighting with the witness who submitted this report, and she sounded to us to be exceptionally eloquent and sober-minded.  We strongly suspect that she and her husband are exceptionally reliable witnesses.  PD))"
"DISTINCT SIMULTANEOUS FEELING BY INHABITANTS OF CAR WE WERE BEING TACKED OR WATCHED.  OFF IN THE NORTHEAST A GLOWING LIGHT DISAPPEARED QUICKLY. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  Possible hoax?  PD))"
"Slow moving ball of light. I've lived here for about 6 years now and I'm a sky gazer.  For the past 4 weeks or so, I have been seeing strange lights in the northern sky.  I've only seen one at a time.  They look like bright stars, but they are moving slowly in the sky.  I only see them for a few seconds before they completely just disappear. Last nights sighting was a little different.  This time it was closer and it flared and then disappeared. In the 6 years I've lived here, I have never seen these before.  They are not airplanes.  I see airplanes all the time in the night sky and I know the flight patterns.  These are just balls of light that appear and disappear.  They don't blink, or pulse, other than the one that flared brighter before it disappeared."
"FIVE BIG  WHITE LIGHTES SEPERATED IN TRANGLE FORM TURNED END ZOOMED AWAY CHESTERTON IN 2004 EARLY SEPTEMBER I SEEN FIVE LIGHTS IN A TRIANGLE FORM OVER HIGHWAY 49 OVER A CORN FIELD; THE LIGHTS WHERE STANDING IN THE SKY.   THE SUN WAS SETING IN THE WEST THE UFO WAS IN THE EAST.   AFTER SEVERAL SECONDS IT TURNED TO THE SOUTH AND WENT UP VERY FAST IN TO THE SKY.   I DO BELIVE I KNOW WHY IT WAS THERE BUT I WILL NOT SAY. I WISH SOME ONE ELSE HAD SEEN IT AND I AM SURE THEY DID SOMEWHERE. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain somewhat anonymous; provides no contact information.  Date is approximate.  PD))"
"Loud hum and then 2 objects crisscrossing in the eastern sky. Heard a very strange hum then saw an object in the east and then another one come from the north.  They crisscrossed each other then disappeared.  Triangle shape with lights. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and have corrected above the time and duration of the sighting event.  PD))"
"white light traveling fast I was traveling in a car near the mall and saw out the car window  30 to 50 feet up in the sky a white light possibly disc shaped  moving very fast.  Then it disappeared."
"Two \"fireballs,\" 20 minutes apart, in different counties. While driving south, in Kent County, traveling at approx. 65 mph, I noticed a yellow-amber light off to my left.  The object appeared to be below the cloud ceiling, appeared to be stationary at first.  The object then began to travel NW; the object traveled a short distance, then stopped.  The object repeated this maneuver 3-4 times before traveling steadily NNW and continuing on its trajectory.  I viewed the object for 5-6 minutes, (during which the aforementioned events occurred) until the object was in a position as such that I could not view it from my vehicle window and continue to drive safely. 15-20 Minutes Later... While traveling East, in Kalamazoo County, at approx. 65 mph, I noticed another yellow-amber light remaining stationary.  I approximate the angle of elevation to be between 55-70 degrees.  I viewed this object for 3-4 minutes, all the while remaining stationary.  The object's luminosity began to dim; simultaneously, the object began to lose its yellow-amber hue, quite quickly, and began to turn a blue-white color.  I watched as the object dimmed and disappeared from the sky."
"It was shocking and caught be off gaurd toi see something in the sky at a low flight zone. a triangular shape craft the size was about 10' x 10' x 10' about 1000 ft. in the air with three lights from the bottom.  The craft rose from a lower to a higher elevation in vertical motion.  There was no noise and no blinking of the lights.  The lights were a dull yellow like old headlights.  It appeared to be monitoring something in the area.   This is the third sighting in same area. that area is a huge cow fields with some trees off of highway 101."
"shiny metal cluster of spheres over goleta I was intentionally looking in the sky for ufos and this was the first time I had seen these in the day time. I usually see them as lights at night, assuming they are the same ones...? At first I was watching a plane and then I notice a bright white dot behind it and I knew what it was. It started to move parallel to the mountains headed west I think, north bound if it was a car on the 101. It was so far away I could'nt really give you a distance but it was behind the plane and it was a small dot so I am assuming pretty far away, a mile maybe?? As I was watching that move across the sky from a stand still I saw another dot materialize in an area of the sky the first one had just crossed and started to watch the second one start to move west also. Then I noticed another one in a different part of the sky standing still. One of them dissapeared.... WOW!!!!!!!!! I called my mom over and she saw them too but barely... It was really hard to see them up there so unless you are looking for em or they get your attention they are very hard to see...  I frantically ran around looking for my cheap $20 binoculars. They magnify 10x25  so it wasn't much help but when I looked through them at one of the ufo's and it was close enough to see that it was definetly a very shiny metallic craft and it looked like a cluster of about three to five spheres!!!!!!!!!! this is truely amazing and I am so excited that they are coming here but for what reasons? I think we will all find out soon enough...........I hope... this world needs change!!! BADLY!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A very, very bright round light appeared in the sky, way above the tree line, and it rapidly starting descending, rapidly, so fast, faster than I have ever seen in my life.   It shot down, then disappeared out of the sky.   The most bizarre strange light I have ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witnesses elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright white object hovering Southward over Plainfield, IL. Noticed bright white object slowly hovering Southward, in a partly cloudy but otherwise clear sky.   After about 5 minutes of viewing, it rotated or transformed from a horizontal line shape to a vertical one.  There was no noise or discernible lights.   I have cellphone photos of the object, but they don't do the sighting any justice."
"Amber orb lights over downtown Portland Friday, April 30, 2006 12:08 a.m. Beginning at 11:54 p. m ending 12:04 a.m.   I was closing the shades on my windows that face south to downtown Portland; my location is by the train station.  I viewed two amber colored orbs slowing flying low (maybe 500 to 1000 feet, difficult to say because of the darkness), just kind of gliding through the air.   They were traveling east over the West Hills then made a turn south by the US Bancorp Tower.  They kept moving and then seemed to stop (still over south downtown) and did not move until their lights just seemed to go out.   I watched these objects for at least ten minutes outside of my apartment. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two reports of apparently the same event.  Sighting occurred on Saturday night, April 29, 2006.  We have corrected the date above.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr. Davenport, would you like me to take a picture from the precise places that I saw the lights?  Everyday I look out the window and try to figure out where exactly this thing was.   So, here's what you have asked me for: 1)  my home address is ((address deleted)).  The rear of my apartment faces southwest.  I have a clear view of downtown Portland from this direction.  I am also to see the West Hills from my windows.  I only saw two lights and I have narrowed the vicinity of downtown to above the Brewery blocks (between N.W. 11th and N.W.  13th and N.W.  Burnside and N.W.  Davis streets).  It traveled very slowly, gliding almost, east past the USBancorp tower (between 5th and 6th avenue and Burnside) just passing it (but higher than the building, which is 470 feet approximately).  About three blocks after the tower it slowly turned south.  It continued for I would say a mile to a mile and a half.  The lights were still very clear, just a little faded.    2)  The angle of the lights was about 60 degrees.  These lights lasted about ten minutes or so in duration, without breaking or flashing.  These lights were amber in hue, but as I really studied them, I noticed that one of the lights might have been more red (I believe that there were three lights in a very small cluster).   My husband was with me at the time, and he will be filing an individual report this week.  We both stood there and watched these and discussed what it might be.  I guess we were trying to rationalize what we were seeing above a major metropolitan area.  Nothing made sense, nor does now.  They could have very easily been attached in some way though, for moving that slow, with absolutely no sound.  It is very quiet where I live, so we can hear anything flying in the sky.  There is a helipad five blocks away and we can hear them for a good ten to twelve blocks.  Especially that night, it was late in the evening and our building was silent.  There was hardly any traffic going by. I have already given my consent to an interview with the Oregonian.  You might also think about calling the Portland Tribune, it is an independent local newspaper.    Let me know if you want that picture, I'll take it tonight and then one in the morning for a daylight shot. I have enclosed a map of where I live and other points of reference. Regards, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Close orange fiery object flying slow and low A friend and I had been returning from a bike ride after dark on the Hockhocking Adena Bikeway when we stopped alongside the Hocking River behind the Athens Public Library.  This is a wide-open area with a great view of the night sky.  It was mostly cloudy with no stars visible.  Sunset was an hour before at 7:20 PM EDT.  As soon as we stopped, we noticed what we thought was a low flying helicopter approaching from north to south heading directly toward us with what appeared to be a bright deep orange light shining from it. It was close being only about 150 to 250 feet high (twice as high as a tall tree) and about 200 yards in front of us traveling very slow.  The closer it approached, the more we realized that it wasn\u2019t normal.  For a moment we both thought it was a helicopter or a small plane that was on fire and about to crash. What we had first thought was a light turned out to be more of an intense deep orange glow that encompassed the entire roundish obje! ct and changed hues so that it resembled a fire.  It made no sound at all. It was a very quiet evening and we made a point to listen closely.  The object was definitely about the same size as a helicopter. I signaled at it for about 15 seconds with a flashlight until it was about 50 yards in front of us (alarmingly close), still at about 150-250 feet high.  It then made a sharp 90 degree turn and moved rapidly out of sight toward the east.   The whole event lasted about 90 seconds with about 85 seconds of approaching toward us and about 5 seconds moving quickly away from us. (Note: Although I am just now submitting this description, it was written the morning after the sighting.)"
"Two white lights seen by two separate people 30 minutes apart in same location, central IL. On the evening of August 24, 2016, I was driving to Rantoul, IL, from Thomasboro, IL, along Route 45 North approximately 8:15 pm Central time, or so.  North of me a couple of miles ahead, I saw what looked like a bright star but it was too early for stars to be that bright in the north.  The sun had set, but the sky was still bright in the west.  As I got closer, I noticed that the light wasn't moving in any direction.  It wasn't blinking like a tower or a plane is required to do because of air traffic.  Then I saw that it was actually two lights right next to each other. I passed it at the intersection of Rt. 45 and Wheat Ave.  There was a line of trees for a distance before I got to that intersection and I struggled to see the lights until I passed the trees almost at the intersection.  The lights were at least 300-400 feet up in the air by my best estimate.  About as high as a tall tower, or wind turbine maybe higher, but not much. They were several feet apart from each other.  My windows were down, I was driving about 40 mph and there was no wind.  It was dead calm other than the wind from my driving and I heard nothing.  No engine noise, no rotor thumping.  And the lights were not moving, nor was there anything blinking. I drove back by the same spot at 8:45-8:50 pm and the lights were gone.   When I got home, I wrote up what I saw and posted on Facebook and a friend of mine said her son saw the same thing about 8:45 as they were also driving north.  He said the lights suddenly \u2018took off\u2019 were the words he used, towards Champaign, IL to the south.  When I asked how fast, she said it was pretty quick, because he lost track of it quickly."
"low flying slow moving, had red and white lights. I was asleep when I awoke and saw an unusual bright light flickering from my window.  I sat up and saw a low flying aircraft, too low to be an airplane.  Reminded me of the height a motorized glider would fly.  I normally can hear when planes or helicopters go over the house, but this made no sounds.  There were red and white lights around it.  The white lights were bright and solid, the red ones flickered.  The aircraft didn't move fast, just slow and steady across the sky, appeared to come from over by 465 W and headed over the closed St. Francis Hospital. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Slow flying with three lights on two sides, one flashing and heading south Slow flying craft at a low altitude (1000 to 2000 ft.) with three lights on each side.  One light was flashing.  Heading south, it flew directly overhead.  The craft had a rocket engine sound as opposed to a jet engine sound."
"Huge box-shaped craft with circular light beam Two of us were driving east on Hwy 16 toward I-94 in the Hartland/Pewaukee area when the driver spotted a craft floating through the sky.   He opened the sunroof so I could get a look.  It was a huge rectangular object floating by with tiny red and white lights in the front and back.  No further up than a blimp would be, it was fairly close to the ground and very visible.   As it crossed the freeway overhead going toward the south, there was no sound, vapor trail or any indication of how it was moving.   The strangest part though was the massive circular light beam located in the front of the vessel shining toward the ground."
"Foster/Scituate UFO/UAP Visiting with my parents we were by the pool when my dad said \u201chey what is that?\u201d  I looked up and we both saw a shiny sphere I would estimate to be at around 10,000 feet. Not a plane or drone by the high reflectiveness, speed and way it moved.  Size of a car.   Moved in a straight line with no trail.  Went to grab my phone for a pic and it was gone. Weather balloon maybe..."
"big flash over hammond indiana with a shape changing object  in mid air   ok i trevor burtton was walking as i was walking in the dark i saw a big flash that had me dazed for like 10 minutes well after that i looked up and saw this long thick rod in the air then it turned to a ball /then a flat surface with a blue shiney ball in the middle /then it flashed this time less brighter and diappeared and its 2:21 in the morning and im woke because i had a dream of different kind of ufos and some signs that im drawing right now they are like symbols but something is telling me to draw them out i remember them and it feels like i know these signs like the back of my hands"
"whitish/green fireball was observed flying acrossing the sky A bright white/green fireball was seen shooting east to west across the near dark sky over the mesas north of Pampa,Texas, it did not fade but passed out of sight over the northern horizon.   It was observed by a 48 yr old Hunting Ranch Lodge Manager, his 16 year old daughter and 6 year old son as they were driving back to their ranch house."
"Green fireball with tail in night sky On 8/6/2011 at 11:05 pm two of us were sitting outside facing southeast.  A bright green fireball with an orange aura and tail appeared traveling across the horizon from north to south.   It then began traveling downward at a 90 degree angle.  It was extremely bright and traveled in a deliberate path.  Our view lasted for a few seconds before disappearing behind the tree line along the neighborhood lake.  There was no sound."
"3  objects moving unconvetionally and disappearing thereaffter. I heard banging like chopping trees.  It was an odd time, so I went to my bedroom window. We have a minor view of the NYC skyline during winter when no leaves block view. I saw some of the city lights per usual.  The cityis probably 25-30 miles away. There was one green colored circular/oval shaped but the light its self was more apparent.I noticed it and though maybe its just a light from Plainfied or somewhere closer because this was no more than 5 miles away.  Next thing I notice is the object/light hovering and then slowly movinng straight upwords maybe 500-1000 ft and at that moment it did a bunch of zig zag,right angle, non-coonventional jet movements.  It then came to a stop and hovered for about 10 seconds. And simply disapperared. thought that was it when I looked leftward ou t the windo and now there are new organge/yellow objects.  There were two of them, identical looking. They didn\u2019t move fast but far sideways while the other stood still. Then the one came back placed itself next to the still one which then move straight up and straight left, right angled. Then, both in a colum moved up and down until they became more near eachother and dissapeard. I hate hoaxes I sware this is what I saw I don\u2019t even know how to play thricks, I don\u2019t have a smartphone, camera, video recorderk etc.   I am really hopinn for some corrabaration and a call if posssible. These wer not stars, not nyc lights, nothing like that, way to close. I hope somone else saw, but I don\u2019t care if no one believes me, family only wouldn\u2019t tell others. I know what I saw and that is the most amazing thing I have ever seen no doubt.  Please give me a call or email Back. Thanks much."
"5-7 star shaped craft spotted in the San Juan Islands I woke from sleep to go to the bathroom, upon returning to my bed I looked out my windows and saw a strange sight in the sky.  I was staying on the north shore of Orcas Island, and across the strait is Sucia Island.  The objects appeared to be over Sucia island.  It should also be noted that there was a wind storm happening with regular gusts of 60 mph+ and all of the lights in the house were off, we live outside of town, so there isn't much in the way of artificial light to begin with.  I saw two red lights not far from the ground, maybe 10 stories up, like a radio tower, so I dismissed them, but above those lights at about 3 or 4 times the distance above, were between 5-7 large objects. They were diamond or star shaped, think the traditional 4 pointed star, bright and firey golden yellow, its hard to explain because they seemed to be twinkling and almost dripping fire or sparks or something along those lines.  They moved lazily among each other, none of them ever moving too far from one another making it hard to determine just how many singular craft there were.  Nothing too spectacular happened, other than them being there in the first place.  After about 20 minutes they disappeared. The next evening looking out at the island, I was trying to spot the radio towers, but they were not there, so the red lights were another aspect of the event itself."
"10 or so dimly lit white lights in a large arrow shape formation moving at high rate of speed. I was walking my dog down the train tracks near my house.  Sky was really clear not a single cloud in sight.  My attention was caught by what at first out of my peripherals looked like a cloud of smoke moving high over my head from the rear to the front of me.  Then when my vision focused in on the object I noticed it was about 10 or so dimly lit white lights shaped in almost like an arrow formation.  There was a water tower in which the draft flew right over that I was able to use to compare the size of the craft.  The craft seemed to be significantly higher than the water tower but was still much larger in size.  At first it did not hit me how fast the object was moving but after realizing how quickly it moved from over top of me to the horizon I come to the conclusion that it was most definitely moving faster than any aircraft I have ever seen. The fact that I would take the time out of my day to fill this report speaks for itself of how confident I am that I just witnessed something extremely odd flying in the night sky.  In my opinion the only explanation is either some military aircraft that is larger than anything the public has been told about or it was an, I feel crazy saying this, alien spaceship. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"multiple lights moving across the sky north to south/southeast The evening became very warm and I went to our deck to check out the sky.  I could see multiple lights moving from north to south/southeast.  Thru binoculars, I could not see any connection or craft between clusters of lights, but they were moving across the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"I witness a spaceship Around 1 Am, I was sitting in my car on the phone, as I witness a solid green light with a small red blinker light in the air.  It grabbed my attention as it headed towards me, I was curious to what it was due to height and motion of the lights;  Please note, It wasn't the speed of a airplane (please note, airplanes flying that low do not fly in my area) the height of the lights was the height of a helicopter, but I knew if it was a helicopter, I would've saw the body of the copter as well as heard it approaching as usual, so it definitely wasn't a helicopter.  The motion of this object floated as a huge blimp, as it got closer, I still couldn't make of it until it drifted over me, that's when I notice a huge and weird object, so I stuck my head out of the car window to look up and saw that the object was large and circular.  I yelled OMG, it's a space ship, just as it was passing my daughter walked out of the house to check on me for sitting in my car this late, and I said again, while pointing up, \"look it's a spaceship could you see it\" she looked up and was only able to see the weird light but heard the sound of something heavy/large passing by. The lights were in the clear of the sky but the object was surrounded by either clouds, moister, or smoke and the only way to get the full view of it was to be directly beneath it. Please know, I'm not one who's quick to believe something like this, as a matter of fact, I over look people who talk of UFO sighting, but last night/early morning made me a believer.  I witness the huge saucer object with lights located directly underneath the center part of this craft.  I'm convinced that this stuff is real."
"A three lighted object seems to be surveying north Alabama. Last night I was watching the pre peak of perseids meteor shower in my back yard. I was facing east north east, I have light pollution in the sky to the south east and trees to the west that determine where I watch. At 2:15 I was getting up to refresh my coffee, standing and turning south my attention was caught by a bright light through the trees at about 30* off the horizon. I knew immediately what it was, my wife and I had seen something similar in early June in the southeast, only at a much greater distance. This time I could plainly see a three lighted object that looked like a standing triangle. The lights were blinking/trading places, and were amber/white and red. It was swinging like a pendulum and played hide and seek behind the trees. I ran in to get a witness, my 13 year old was my choice for his good eyes. After sufficiently freaking him out he went back to bed and I jumped in the car to go get a better look. It seems as if it knew I was watching,  as I was driving down CR 124 it was moving away from me at a great speed. When I stopped at the top of a large hill it was of to the west and much farther away. Continuing to watch all I could think was \u201cwhat are they doing, surveying, taking inventory?\u201d One minute it would swing north and south the next it would shoot straight up only to settle down to where it was. By 3:00 it was very far away to the west or much dimmer. I wrote it off in June thinking it was a star and temperature  inversion, but now I have no doubt what it was, and my jaw is still on the floor."
"Group of lights seen over Thetford, Vermont. I was driving north on I-91 when in the direction of NNW I saw four very bright and large lights (I thought it was a meteor) disperse.   They then gathered back to a small, faint blinking light.   Five seconds later, they dispersed again, then vanished.  The faint blinking light began to travel southwest.  I'm guessing the craft was over or near Thetford Center, VT when I saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the correct time might have been 5:50 p.m., 1750 hrs..  However, source of report chooses to remain anonymous, and provides no contact information.  Hence, we are unable to contact the person.  We have amended the time above, so the report conforms to the time of the many other sightings from New England on this date.  PD))"
"Two white lights traveling in unison die out Saw 2 white lights spaced what looked like about two feet traveling at a slight downward angle. Pointed it out to my girl and then they died out."
"Large stationary white orb with halo and then it moved slowly away. I was returning home from work and I stopped at the end of the driveway to get the mail.  As I was walking back to my vehicle a bright light caught my attention.  The light was stationary and straight east of me.  The only way I can describe the size of the orb is like a golf ball and the stars were pin pricks.  It\u2019s like when the full moon is higher in sky instead of when it just comes up as it appears much more larger.  I was not scared so I stood and watched for a few moments.  It was a large white orb with a glowing halo around it. That night was a bit cloudy and the orb lit up the lowest clouds.  It was just barely above them. I could see the different shades of grey in them.  It finally dawned on me to get my phone. I tried to record it a couple of times but it would not work.  I don\u2019t understand why it didn\u2019t work. I have recorded eclipse\u2019s of the moon before with good results.  Once I started trying to record, it began to move north.  There wasn\u2019t any noise wha! t so ever.  I walked to the front of my pickup which is facing the north.  I didn\u2019t realize how close it was to being above me because as I looked down the length of the road it almost was perfectly in line with me.  As I watched it get further away I heard a familiar sound.  The noise was coming from the northwest.  I turned to look and it was a jet.  I could see the red flashing light and it traveled at \u201cnormal\u201d jet speed headed southeast.  I turned back to the north and just glimpsed the orb disappear over the tree line.  I wondered if anyone on the plane was seeing what I was seeing.  I calmly got into my pickup and drove up to my house.  I posted on Facebook asking if anyone else had seen it but no one said they did.  I tried to look up my post to see what time I posted it but it did not say.  It seemed later than it should have been but I can\u2019t be certain.  That night my 2 dogs kept barking and growling all night.   Some of co-workers also said their animals were agitated that night.  The next day or so later I noticed a mark on my arm like I had blood drawn.  But that could have caused by a number of things I guess.  Of course this happened when my husband and son were out of town working which they very rarely ever do.  If they would have been home at least my experience maybe would have been validated by someone even if no one else believed us. The above paragraph is the second unexplained sighting I have had.  It was quite a long time ago so I don\u2019t remember the exact details, time, or the year.  I could possibly find out the year as I was not alone. My step-father, my younger sister and myself were returning from a basketball game where my step-was a janitor.  My sister and I stayed after sometimes to help him clean up the gym. We turned on the road that brings us to our house and then we seen it.  It was the classic disc shaped UFO with lights that went blinking around the edge.  I don\u2019t recall the color of the lights but I know they were colored.  My stepdad and I looked at each other and he asked me should we follow it.  I said of course. I remember being mesmerized and couldn\u2019t take my eyes from it.  We followed it for about 3 miles. I remember my sister being scared, crying and telling us to turn around.  She was very upset.  All of a sudden it just zoomed away.  It was so fast that it was almost like it was there and then it wasn\u2019t.  My best guess as to when this happened is around 1987.  It had to be early winter as it was basketball season.  It must have been about 11 p.m. because that would put us in the right time frame a! fter cleaning up the gym.  My stepdad told his co-workers about what happened and we received a lot of teasing.  But least we had each other and we knew it was real. Thank you for reading my story.  It feels good to tell about my experiences without someone looking at me like I suddenly grew 3 heads."
"Slow moving slow pulsating fireball that stopped in sky then dropped sparks and starting falling with sparks Observed red fire ball travelling from NW to SE From the Pacific Ocean.  I thought this was an airplane since the red orb was pulsing to a bright red color which made it appear twice as big.  The speed of this object was traveling slowly and the pulse was about every 1.5 seconds. I had time to call my daughter outside to see this red orb.  When the Orb stopped in the sky at about 1800 feet I called my wife to come see the object.  My wife came out about 30 seconds later and the orb was still there.  My wife saw the orb pulsing in the same spot for 10-15 seconds .  The orb then started to drop what looked like hot embers or sparks.  With sparks falling the orb started falling and fading slowly until we could not see it anymore.   The event has left me a bit confused.  Can someone tell  me what this was. Thanks"
"Flying object seen making darting and odd manuevers for 30 minutes. I was at the east bound exit ramp of hwy 40 and hwy 86.  I casually looked up at the sky to see maybe the big dipper.  I then notice what I thought was a shooting star but it travelled in a straight line for 5 seconds and came to a complete stop.  It then started moving back and forth perpendicular to the origianl path. It did this oscillating motion for several minutes and the would make darting and hook like movements, erratic then settle down a little, then start up again. it proceed to my right. I tried to call several friends, I reached one and asked to go outside and look at the sky. I told where to look based on the bright stars in a vertical line. I told her to look to her left quite aways and look at the star by itself. I said what do you see. She said its moving up and down. I called other friends but by then it had receded. The event lasted about 30 minutes or so."
"I saw strange lights hoovering up above for several hours.  They were circular with colors around it."
"I don\u2019t know if it was a Udo or whatever, but when I was in about fourth grade I saw what I thought was a man fall from the shy.  I remember running to my dad and telling him a man fell from the sky, but by the time I got him outside we couldn\u2019t see anything.  It looked like a man with a helmet (like an astronaut helmet).  My dog was in the yard at the time and began  to bark like crazy, but I don\u2019t know if it was towards whatever I saw or something else.."
"Witness  looked up because he had noticed a darker triangle shape in the sky very low. Witness was outside and looked up because he had noticed a darker triangle shape in the sky very low.  He was pretty sure it was a UFO and just sat there and smoked his cigarette.  He then heard birds going \"crazy\", chirping like fighting.  It was 12 am and that was late for birds to be out he thought.  Then when the street light flickered he felt uneasy and put his cigarette out and went inside."
"STATIONARY OBJECT SHOOTS OUT TWO SMALL OBJECTS WITH FLASH, AS IF HITTING TARGETS. WHILE LOOKING AT FLOCK OF BIRDS I NOTICED AN OBJECT (LIGHTS?) JUST ABOVE OR WITHIN THE OUTLINE OF A SADDLE IN THE TUCSON MOUNTAINS.  ALL RED AND WHITE LIGHTS WITH NO GREENS OR FLASHING LIGHT, AND NO SOUNDS. A SMALLER OBJECT SEEMED TO GO NEXT TO OR IN FRONT OF LARGER LIGHT.  THEN A SMALL OBJECT STREAKED AWAY UP AND TO THE RIGHT THEN ENDED WITH A BRIGHT FLASH.  THIS WAS REPEATED TWICE AGAIN, SAME DIRECTION, TRAILS AND ENDING WITH FLASH.  SEVERAL LOCAL FLIGHTS OF LIGHT AIRCRAFT FLEW IN THE DIRECTION BUT THEN TURNED BACK DURING THIS TIME. MY WIFE CAME OUT TO LOOK BUT ONLY SAW THE LARGER LIGHT AND NOT THE SMALLER ONES. THE BARRY GOLDWATER FIREING RANGE IS IN THIS DIRECTION...BUT TWO MOUNTAIN RANGES SEPERATE THEM FROM MY HOME BY 60 + MILES....LIVE FIRE?  MAYBE AND I HAVE SEEN TWO OTHER UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT IN THE LAST 3 WEEKS... I WONDER IF THERE IS A NEW HELICOPTER BEING TESTED...?  ATMOSPHERE ACTING AS LIGHT BENDER?   I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT WAS BUT IT WAS FANTASTIC TO SEE!"
"Ciga- shaped UFO witnessed by a group being chased down by military Jets at a high speeds This was between the late night hours of 1-2am on a summer night after my cousin had just graduated from high school.  All my friends and I were having a party at one of our friends house being that they were all classmates and finally achieved a diploma.  As the partying continues through the night-my cousin, my best friend, and I, decided to go outside in the front yard to have ourselves a cigarette smoke.  We all 3, make our way outside and close the front door behind us and are now standing in the doorway/entrance area outside which is approximately 5ft.x5ft without an overhang so our vision directly above us and in the sky is clear and unobstructed.  Being that it was very late in the midnight hours; the sky was pitch black and very quiet in the residential area that we were in.  Maybe 3-4 minutes go by as our other friends were still inside and we are smoking outside- My friend (who is standing 12o'clock to me) turns to my cousin and I and says \"Hey, guys, ! you see that?\"  My cousin and i were having a conversation about something at the time without my friend so, we ask him \"where are you looking?\"  He then steps between my cousin and I and points directly in a 12o'clock position from us in the sky what seemed to be only 10-15,000 feet high in the sky and says \"look, it's right there just like those grey cigar cloud shaped ones\", \"I've been looking at it for like 2 minutes now and I know that it was something there because it's been slowly moving and shifting positions, but it ain't making no noise\" he says. That's when after him pointing out where exactly for us to look in the sky- We were able to see exactly what he was talking about, and it was shaped exactly like a grey cigar cloud shaped object hovering with absolutely zero sound and zero lights!  My cousin, My friend and I watched this object as it defyingly floated in the sky like a very slow wobbling feather making very short, but calculated, and angled turns.  As we stare up in the sky in complete shock and well IN BELIEF-about 12 seconds pass by and we see the object now completely alter its position and begin to speed up and start to fly away.  While we are watching it beginning to fly off parallel but just at a very fast speed- We then hear extremely loud roaring sounds but do not know what it is since it is very late at night and quiet.  As we are asking ourselves what is that sound and where's it coming from, that's when we notice 2 military fighter jets chasing after the object in the sky at a very high rate of speed.  At that point it solidified everything that we thought we seen and what we were thinking it could have been.  Never have my cousin, friend or myself witnessed a military fighter jet chase after an object like that unless seen on youtube videos or hollywood movies,  But to be able to see and experience myself with witnesses was truly Out Of This World!  My cousin at that time was a new high school graduate,  My friend was my age of 21 and was employed at The Home Depot! Full time, and I myself had been employed full time with an electronic store after just graduating with an A/A. This is just my first story of encountering and witnessing something in the sky.  My second story is when I have actually been followed in the same city by 2 of these crafts. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Big white light, then smaller red lights seen in the eastern sky that should not have been there and then vanished. Was seen first as a bright white light as big around as an ink pen app. 300 yds away in the eastern sky at 20:15. Elevation was at a 40 to 45 degree angle. Height was about what one would expect of a low fling small aircraft. The skys were clear until 22:15. We observed the light not moving for app. 5 minutes. My fellow security guard and I were on patrol and lost sight of the light behind a large two story house before going on with our patrol. After doing an outer perimter check, which took about 5 to 7 minutes, we reached a place we should have been able to see the light again and it was gone. At app. 21:20 I dropped my partner off at the security office and drove the same route to see if I could see the light again. The white light was not to be seen, but I seen three red lights perfectly diagonal and spaced in the same general location. I observed the lights for a minute or two trying to think if there was any towers or  buildings in that direction tall enough for these unblinking red lights. The answer is No. I started my patrol of the south part of the proprty and returned to security office at 21:30. Upon returning to security office I spotted 2 red lights directly in front of security and pointed them out to my partner. When asked if he had ever seen them there before he said no. These lights seemed to be about a mile or mile and a half futher east, hard to tell. They too were unblinking and unmoving. The red lights I saw before and these were smaller than the white light we had seen earlier. They were also slightly lower in the sky than the white light we had seen ealier. Also the spaceing was like the middle red light, when I saw three red lights, was missing. A third security gaurd came in at 21:45 and we pointed the lihgts out to him. At 21:50 I crossed the road in front of security station to get the lights from security and cars going down the road behind me to get a clearer look. I wanted to see if these lights were connected, because if they were this thing would have had to have been a hundred yards wide, very big. From security one can see radio towers blinking red but there was a different look about hese lights and they never blinked on and off. While trying to get a closer a look a friend of mine called me on my cell phone. I told him to go outside and see if he could see what I was seeing. He could not and before he might see anything the 2 lights went out as if someone had turned the switch off. Just a metion here that when my partner came in that night he had a 12 sec. phone video of a simlar white light seen from his house in Springdale Ar at 4:30am the night before that he showed me when he first came to work that night. I also saw the white light the night before when I was leaveing work at 22:00 but did not take time to see. if it was a helocopter or plane. He still has it. There were planes in the area, very close, and they should have seen what ever this was plainly. I will try to get more info from local airports and radio stations to see if anyone else saw this and exactly where and how big this might have been. I called one local police station, newspaper,tv station that night to se if anyone else had seen this. Never heard back from tv or newspaper. Police said they had not reieved any reports of strange lights."
"Saucer flying low with bright flickering lights. I was driving east bound on I-580 when I looked to the left, but slightly in front of me, and saw a saucer flying relatively low over the hills.  It had several bright lights of all different colors flickering from it. It was way too low and big to be any type of aircraft that I have ever seen. I continued to drive to my destination (my moms house) and immediately told her to come outside and see it.  It was flying very slow, almost like it was floating.  My mom, sister, and dad went outside and saw it as it continued to slowly move over the hills east bound.  After about 10 minutes from when I first spotted it, i lost sight of it behind a tree.  I then got back in my car to follow the object and as soon as I got to a spot where I should have been able to see it again, it was gone.  I drove around the area for over 20 minutes looking for it and there was no sight of it.  At the speed it was traveling and its location, it is virtually impossible for it to have just disappeared. The object was VERY big, I would compare it to the size of 3 blimps put together.  What was most interesting about it was its very obvious saucer-like shape and very bright flickering lights.   I have never seen anything like this before."
"I was leaving work at 9:15 PM on 8/29/2012 from The Tile Shop at 19 mile and Van Dyke, traveling west bound on 19 mile rd. just before Mound Rd. I saw what looked to be a string of lights in the sky, about 9 of the and not in a straight row but almost looked like Christmas lights in a tree.   Then at Mound Rd. I went south bound but wanted to see more of were these lights were coming from so I turned on 18 mile west bound to see if I could fallow them. I saw them and decided to pull over a take a photo with my phone. They were changing there formation and started to fade one light at a time, the last light in the row stayed the brights for a longer time and I just left in my car knowing that was strange."
"Red lights over Buford, GA. At approximately 2130 tonight I received a call from a co worker to come outside and look at the sky. I went outside and seen about 10 round glowing red lights that would change to yellow but with some red still in them. They were coming from the east flying over I85 towards I985 then flickering out behind clouds over Buford but not showing up again. Except for 2 that we saw to the west of us that disappeared quickly. However, several more kept coming from the east. I would say I witnessed at least 5-8 more lights that came from the east after the initial 10. These objects did not make any sound. My coworker said there were probably 20 more he saw before I made it outside. There were several aircraft in the sky as well, but none as close to us. These aircraft were distinguishable as they had the typical white flickering light that normal aircraft have. I have film on my phone of the last 3 or 4 of these lights. You can see the lights but barely on my phone."
"We were having a smoke break from playing cod, and i had to make sure i wasnt thw only one seeing it but it was like a &#128293; star then it came a bit closer then we realized it was low. Had a lighr pattern of red/orange strobe like lights made a triangle with two red dim lights side by side imbetween. And ir came a little closer so i lit up another cig and started my phone light up and swiping my finger over it like morse code. Then we all went in shock when it litterally came our way. Now it was a triangle a Ship. It was low enough to see a faint silhouette. Other reports i read said caught at night near town around highways. And for the size it was pretty quiet like a humm.  Not lime drones were it sounds like a card in bike spokes.  But when we firrs observed it was so slow lime a hault but when it finally came directly ovwr head torwards Indianapolis.  It was moving at a slow pace.  Just under the close but over the trees. So we conversed dor a few then realized here comes another then it reared around then got back on the same path.this happend 3 times. Now yoi can hear a airline way up in the air so small. These were not as big as a commercial airline but not private jet small. Then we realizex there were two more maybe 10 miles apart in the distance fading i. And out of clouds. Then the last one we caught maybe w minutes but it had 3 very bright white lights flashing threw its center. Now im aware it was not a \"triangle ship\"  thers was a jet like atreamline to it. B! ut what shuttles that big thT low not emit more sound. Or even fly that low.ans The y were not in The shape of the retired f117s. My grandfather works at the Sheppard airforce base as a engineer. So i have seen most planes. I just wanna know. Of there ia anyone else that has witnesses this and if it strokes D their curiousity as much as ir did mine. My friends juat act like its a normal thing."
"object flying straight upwards with a flashing light flashed about 3 times and disappeared as it went upwards Saw a plane looking like oval object flying straight upwards with a flashing light, went faster and faster by the second as it went upwards.  Flashed about 3 times then disappeared as it went farther up. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"\"Star\" that lights up and disappears. Been seeing this kind of \"objects\" many times.  Sometimes by myself and sometimes with friends. Looks exactly like a star just that it moves in a linear direction.  After a while, say 1 min (since the discoever), it starts to get smaller and smaller till it dissappears. Reflection of light from a passing satelite or what?  As I stated this has happend many times during many years (always in the night sky). ((NUFORC Note:  Date is not indicated by the witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"2 bright white lights moving away from the ground rapidly over the mountains of western PA my fiance and I were watching a movie, with my children, outside on the lawn of her fathers house in the hills of Westmoreland county PA.  To the east over the mountains she and I witnessed 2 white sphere shaped lights equi-distance apart moving away from the ground in a north easterly direction.  They moved parallel to eachother and the event lasted 20-30 seconds.  I describe the event like a reverse shooting star as the lights were as bright as a night time star moving rapidly although not as fast as a shooting star.  the lights didnt fade but just stopped being visable.   Aircraft and sattelites in orbit are frequently spotted over this area, as the night sky is very dark and clear.  No aircraft were witnessed at the time of this sighting and no aircraft have ever been seen moving in such a manner as was witnessed.  The kids were watching the movie and didnt see the event which might have spooked them.   I'm 37 my fiance is 27 and we've never witnessed anything like this before.   I just found your site tonight that's why I haven't posted sooner.  I checked for spacecraft/sattelite/rocket launch or other sightings on that night but my search resulted in nothing significant. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangle yellow lights in the night sky. I have a four-year degree and am working on my Masters degree.   I was traveling up I-85 in-between Charlotte and Salisbury, traveling north-east.  As I was driving, I was looking periodically into the sky at the numerous airplanes with their flashing lights.  Almost 6-8 airplanes were flying and moving in all directions across the sky in different directions.   Then as I look up again, I see 2 lights beside each other straight ahead in the sky and at first, I thought they were just stars because they were not moving or flashing, but I could notice they were brighter than any star in the night sky.  As I got closer it seemed to be getting bigger and was not really moving but seemed to be hovering, almost as if it was studying the nearby airport.  It looked to be roughly 5 miles in the sky right in front of the road.   As I moved closer to it in the car, I could see vividly the 2 lights were now 3 in a triangle. They were a yellowish orange light and still at this point, were not flashing like all the other airplanes in the night sky.  As I drove almost directly under it, I could tell it wasn\u2019t moving or moving extremely slowly, as I saw the triangle of yellow-orange lights that looked to be about the size of two airplanes given the distance.   When we passed underneath it I looked back for a second it looked to be getting smaller and moving higher and away at about a 70 degree angle.  I\u2019m not sure what I saw but it was not acting like, nor looked like any of the other half a dozen airplanes in the night sky.   The 3 bright yellowish orange lights seemed to take up more than half of the bottom of the craft."
"Full moon-like orbs traveling high in the night sky. A mostly clear night sky.  Bright orbs viewed by two out of three observers at the limit of human sight, high up in the night sky and moving fast.   The objects appeared to look like mini full moons to the viewers and appeared to be fully navigating themselves.   The first orb was moving west to east and ended up at the upper eastern star within the big dipper.   A second orb was viewed shortly after traveling in the same direction but then a headlamp was used, and it went behind a cloud or something.   Shortly after the second orb disappeared a plane flew in from the west to the east and another plane traveled west to south and both were at typical plane heights.    This event occurred the same night of the recorded St. Louis Arch event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"At around 9:40 pm, went outside and saw two bright orange fireballs side by side, heading towards south mountain.  within about 5 minutes, they both faded out and disappeared.  went back outside 5 minutes later and there were two more identical fire balls heading in same direction and as the first two watched one disappear and then the other within 5-10 minutes.  at one point the first set appeared to get real close together and then separated.  the second set of lights seem to be real bright, then dim out and then got bright again before disappearing.  as we live near the airport i have seen many planes which this was not.  again just at 10:18 two more headed same direction, same color and circular in shape.  seemed to be further away this time or closer to the mountain.  oddly they keep appearing within 5-10 minutes apart and in pairs of two. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 111"
"Saw triangler objcect appear and flash multi colors.  Red, blue, orange, green.  Before disappearing."
"bright light and 2 flying saucers over Katy Texas I reported this activity yesterday but it was removed. I am going to do it one more time. There is a very large, bright light that starts in the lower mid sky over Katy Texas. I see it by 9 pm every night for over a week. It is moving very slowly but by midnight it is directly over the roof of our house. By morning, it has moved behind our houses.  By 9:30, I can see two saucer shaped crafts in the distant sky. One is on the left of the bright light and the other on the right. Both have blinking white and some red lights. They are moving, floating, not sure what to call it, but all over the sky in that area. By 11 pm, the one on the left side has moved closer and lower in the sky. I can clearly see the shape and the lights by then. By midnight, the craft on the left is close enough to see that it is a saucer. It looks like it is floating side to side, lights blinking. The craft that is on the right is farther out but by 12am, it has moved closer in too. I ca! n see that it has the same shape as the one on the left. They both have blinking lights. While and red. I can clearly see the shape by midnight. I can see the bottom after midnight. Early in the morning, you can see that both crafts and they are very close to that bright light. I know this sounds crazy, but I have four neighbors that have seen it too. I can walk to my back door now, and see this."
"Black dot in sky breaks into 4 pieces--then collapses back into a single dot.  Then disappears. We were at Best Buy (electronics store).  We just arrived in the car (parked south of the store and looking southwest)when we saw a black dot in the sky floating about 45 degrees above the horizon. The dot temporarily split into four parts for about twenty seconds and then collapsed back into a single circle. It started floating again and appeared to get smaller and smaller as though moving away (or shrinking upon itself).   Finally, as we were watching, it disappeared into the sky. Although it was late afternoon and the sun was setting, the sky was still bright.  The object definitely visible.  There were no jet trails or other characteristics."
"18 to 20 orange light spheres moving SW to NE.  Silent.  About the size of a nickel held at arm's length."
"Strange expanding and shrinking yellow light in the sky \tOn July 6th, at approximately 12:15 A.M., we were driving on Highway 28 from Davenport to Harrington.  There were two people in the vehicle.  We looked over to the right (Southwest) and saw a big bright yellow light that was indistinguishable in shape. It was at approximately 10 degrees above the horizon and looked like a smashed circle.  To its left there were two smaller white lights that we could tell were not stars because they were too big. None of the lights moved, they were all still. \tAfter maintaining constant eye contact with the object for approximately two minutes, the yellow light began to shrink and in about ten seconds it looked exactly like the other white lights in shape and color.  Still none of the lights moved.  Within one minute, the previously yellow light (now a small white light) disappeared from the sky in one second.  The other two remained at their positions.  About three minutes later, all of the lights disappeared.  The area of the sky where the lights had been seen remained lit up, for no apparent reason, while the rest of the sky was cloudy and dark. \tFive minutes later, the yellow light had shown up again as a small dot in the sky and in about three seconds it expanded into its previously larger size.  The other white lights never showed up again.  As we reached Harrington we went back to the house to grab a camera and we returned to the Highway 28 with two other passengers. We turned left onto the beginning of Scott Road and parked to observe the UFO.  At that point, the light had shrunk again to the size of a small yellow dot of light, and that time it had lowered to approximately 3 degrees above the horizon.  After about two minutes sitting in the car observing the light, it began to expand again, and in about three seconds it had expanded to its larger size to which we had seen before. We attempted to photograph the object but the picture turned out somewhat blurry and distorted. \tIn an attempt to get closer to the light we continued driving on Highway 28 towards Odessa.  The hills blocked our view of the UFO so we decided to drive back to Scott Road and park there again.  There we did not see the big yellow light, but we saw a small yellow pulsing light.  We observed it for about four minutes and determined that it might not have been the same light.  At about 12:49 A.M. we returned home."
"Round blue ball light descending down to the ground by my house. I was looking out of my north window of my living room and saw a round ball like blue light that was descending down to the ground in the field by my yard.  It was very close to my house it looked as if it went into the woods right by my house.  The size was a little bigger than a basketball.  It was moving slowly enough that I watched it go into the woods by my house.  It was not moving fast and quick, just flowing down to the ground.  I went out on Sunday to look around the field by the woods and couldn't get close enough with the ranger because of the mud from all the rain we just got.  Just gave up looking because of the fields being so muddy, I didn\u2019t want to walk either.  Just thought maybe it was a shooting star.  Until I Saw the news on the 16th of April (Channel 2 St Louis) and saw these blue balls that someone else saw thought maybe I should tell someone about what I saw that Saturday night around 10:20 pm."
"Bright roudish object over Wasatch Mountain range. Right above the Wasatch mountain range to the east.  It was way too big/close to be a planet, very bright.  It shined on and didn't move.  The sun came up and all the stars disappeared but it shined brighter.  It stayed dormant for 30 minutes and then disappeared.   No planets reported to be seen this morning and it appeared just over the mountain range. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD))"
"Unidentified flying objects Investigations                                                                                                        October 22 2010        I want to report an event that occurred in 1980 or 81     I have lived at this address since 1978.. I am 71 years of age ,.I worked in the used heavy truck, construction sales business. Self employed for 20 years. Retired in 2000. As I send this out for the public, I am aware that many will think me a nut. I think that some of the information  that I learned from this event ,may be of some importance some day .there was some snow on the ground .  This incident occurred at my home. The time of year was either early spring or late fall. I do not remember for sure..  I was setting in a lazy boy reclines watching TV.,. The chair was next to a sliding glass door situated about a foot or so from my right. I noticed something in the air outside, and turned to look. An orange ball of what looked like fire was falling down towards my neighbors roof. It was about the size of a golf ball even a little larger. My neighbors house is about 60\u2019 behind mine, there is a 6\u2019 grape stake fence around the back yard. Bushes against the fence half way up on my side.  Between the bushes and patio landscaping is about 50\u2019 of lawn. The patio landscaping rose  about four foot at that time. The patio is connected to the house and is 15\u2019 deep,the patio is next to sliding glass doors, where I was setting.  Page 2   Now here is the strange stuff. The ball was falling at a speed  less than is a falling stone. Quite a bit less, or so it seemed. It stopped falling about a foot above the roof.  The object turned directly towards the patio doors. It followed the contour of the roof staying a perfect foot or so from the roof. Traveling horizontally. It dropped down behind the fence. I lost sight of it. Then it suddenly  It appeared at the top of the fence, staying about a foot from the top. Then dropped to the lawn, continued across the lawn, again at about a foot. Traveling fast straight toward the patio doors. It raised up and over the patio landscaping,  again at an exact distance from whatever was underneath it. across the patio and smacked  hard into the glass door. It left a mark on the glass door that looked like a large cherry bomb fire cracker would leave, dark to medium black in color It all happened in seconds, I seen it hit, and jumped up, thinking the glass would shatter. After hitting it actually stopped in mid air for just a second, then turned a pale yellow.  It returned in an exact reversal of direction, traveling back over all the ground objects at the same level. It reminded me of a toy train reversing direction. It traveled to the spot on the roof then straight up, it\u2019s speed diminished. It reminded me of a hurt animal, though it  was not animal.  , It climbed a bit the! n the fire was out .I am not sure of this ,but I  think I seen some smaller fall. As I was not on good  terms with that neighbor, I did not think  telling him I seen a  small object fall to his roof. There was snow on the roof and I looked but could see nothing.      The object was solid, from the sound of the hit , It was about the density of a rock.\\  The fire seemed to come out about a quarter of an inch or less. It left no smoke trail. the fire came out all around  the object.  It was obviously guided. Important  It\u2019s guidance could not detect glass. I think this is important.  The residue it left seemed to about like a fire cracker.  I still have the  door it hit.  I think this stuff is important ,because a lot of people see fire balls. This tells something about them.       ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the source of the report does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"2 bright lights next to each other hovering for 20 plus minutes, then vanishing to the left. My wife and I were outside sitting in our front lawn looking off to PSNS and the night sky and witnessed 2 extremely bright lights hovering over the shipyard/manchester area. They changed colors and moved slowly to the left and eventually disappeared after 20 min. I have video footage of this event on my digital camera. It really sent chills down my spine seeing it. Please let me know if there is anyone else out there that witnessed this event!"
"Bright Light , out of body experiences, incredible   Bright orange light in the sky.  Moves almost soundless (whispering sound like a distant sprinkler).  Moves very quickly horizontally at various altitudes.  Seems to \"orbit\" most of the time and randomly falls out of orbit at varying instances.   Other people report seeing strange lights in the sky but don't seem to be particularly intrigued by these phenomena.  Very peculiar.......   Wondering about cases elsewhere?"
"1995 Saucer/cone shaped UFO over I-80 West Causeway Betweeen Sacramento and Davis, CA It was just after sunset on the Highway 80 West Causeway between Sacramento and Davis, CA.  At the time, I was entering my senior year at U.C. Davis.  I am now a practicing trial lawyer.  I was returning home from a job training that had lasted all day.  I had consumed no alcohol and I wasn't under the influence of any drug.  I have never suffered from any delusion.  As I was driving on the causeway, in the middle lane, I noticed two red dots hovering over my windshield.  At that point in time, I couldn't tell how high they were.  I could only see them from my peripheral vision.  I assumed I was being speed tracked by a police helicopter.  So, I tapped on my brakes to slow down, as I was speeding.  I could clearly see two red lights, one hovering directly over the other in a vertical position.  At this point, I was sure I was being tracked by a helicopter.  I couldn't see any shape, and my fear grew, because I was sure I was going to get a speeding ticket.  The red lights hovered only about 50 feet over my front windshield.  To my amazement, the red lights came to hover directly in front of my car, and suddenly white lights lit up and illuminated the craft and the entire freeway.  I was so shocked.  I looked around to see if any other cars on the freeway could see what I saw.  To my left, there was a red Jeep Cherokee with about 2-4 college girls.  I could clearly see the woman with light brown, shoulder length hair looking over her steering wheel, eyes fixated on the craft.  At this point, the craft was still only about 50 feet over our cars.  White track lights lit up one after another to create a moving effect along the outer circumference of the craft.  The craft was shaped as if two low sloping cones were put together.  So, from the top or bottom I imagine it looked circular.  From the side view that I witnessed, it was diamond shaped.  The craft was silver in color and had no other edges.  The track lights would take about one second to travel along the edge of the craft; again, these side white lights were extremely bright, like flood lights.  The craft remained lit for about 3 minutes.  All of a sudden the very bright track lights went out, and one could only see the two vertical red lights.  The red lights then shot off westerly in the fastest acceleration I could ever imagine, leaving a solid red line in my vision.  Seconds later, I could see the red lights darting hither and to over the hills around Fairfield and Vallejo.  I could see this darting behavior for about 30 seconds to one minute.  The girls in the red jeep and I pulled off to the Mace Blvd exit in Davis, CA.  We both got our of our cars, screaming and yelling, \"Oh my God! Did you see what I saw?\" We asked each other if we had cameras.  Then, I got in my car and sped off to my apartment.  I screamed for my roommate and a friend to grab a camera.  I told them about the incident.  Then we went out toward Vacaville on Highway 80 West.  I could no longer see the red dot over Fairfield.  So I pulled off to an 7-11 store and asked if anyone else saw a UFO.  I got some really wierd looks, and my friends thought I was a bit loony.  When we were getting back into my car, we could hear loud sounds of jets.  We looked up and there were numerous Air Force jets, fighter jets, cargo jets, etc., flying in two or three separate formations.  They were flying low and we could all see well over 20 jets flying west in the direction of the UFO that I had seen.  It has been 13 years since I saw this event.  I tried to forget about it, but it has to be the single most influential event that has occurred in my life.  I live a pretty eventful life as a trial attorney, but this has never left my mind.  I think of this event often.  My memories of it are very clear.  The event has caused me to question many fundamental things about my existence, my religion, and my government, questions that are yet unanswered. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"red ,orange glowing orb .15 mph,accelerates when flashlight is shined on it watering garden,9 pm,facing west.observed orb 1/4 mile to the west southwest.orb traveling east northeast towards me, approx. 200 foot agl at 15 mph.full moon rising in the southeast. sw wind 8mph.vis 10 miles.80 degrees.orb continued to within 300 feet,made left turn ,heading due north.appeared as a red ,orange ,burning ember ,round,approx 15 foot in diameter,possible very small flames around the total perimeter.i phoned wife to turn off the back porchlight,run outside, look up and to her right,which she did.she observed the orb as well. her descripion is the same as mine.no sound at all. orb traveled approx 400 foot after it made its turn,then turned to the northwest.at this time i shined a very powerfull flashlight at it,blinking it 4 or 5 times.orb instantly sped up ,traveling northwest,fading in 3 or 4 seconds. rural area, very quite.i remained outside with binos and camera for 1 hr. ,it did not return.very familar with planes,choppers ,meteors,lantens,! etc. ex naval air. this was a controled flight at low ground level,not some way out there fuzzy light."
"A round orange glowing object moved east to west moving slowly.  Larger as it approached and passed my back yard and then moved upward.  It grew smaller and glowed more yellow until it was very high and looked like a star.  Seemed not to move at that point. It came in over from the ocean and then moved higher and faster as it went west and upward."
"Loud sound heard I was up at 2 in the morning and heard a loud noise that echoed through the neighborhood. It sounded like alien sonar over and over above me and lasted about 4-5 minutes.  I peeked through the blinds but was afraid to go outside.  It was a sound I have never heard but sounded out of this world.  I have searched the internet but have not found any similar experiences"
"Ufo craft caught in Phoenix Arizona near South Moutain. I have caught many ufo crafts this 1 appears very faint then appears fully then is gone within a second...had to slow the video down to see that it was a craft.."
"A very fast moving triange with four red lights going straight as can be, and silent. A triangular craft. 4 red lights. 3 on one side, all up the same side in a perfectly straight line. the other light was on the opposite side in the rear corner; left side. We were in my back yard and a friend and I thought we saw meteors, we went to see what it was, and i looked straight up and seen the lights in a trianguler formation. It looked like birds but they came out of formation it was perfectly silent and it was going way to fast to be a bird or airplane. it was one of those experiences where you have no idea what to think."
"I want to send you this video. I work night shift.  So I am up at night.  At the time it was May so it was warm and I had my window open.  As I am watching videos online, I notice a bright light like an airplane with its fog lights on.  But it is fading randomly.  Like its loosing power or something.  It isn't making sound or getting any closer.  It is just there stationary in the sky.  So I go out in the front yard and film it.  And it is a white light like a bright star or high up plain coming head on.  But it's not going anywhere.  And it is just the one bright light.  But it is randomly fading in and out.  It doesn't have a pattern or other lights.  I have the video.  I want to know how to send it to you.  I watched it for 15 or 20 minutes before I went out into my front yard and made the 5 and some seconds video."
"It was a little after 3am, maybe 3:05am Nov.13th,09.  My wife is a nurse at a hospital in Wichita,KS about 40miles north of where we live.She arrived home as normal at 3am.  She woke me up, and told me there was a plane with abnormal lights hovering above the house.  I was skeptical, but woke up anyways.  I went outside, and what I witnessed is a large \"object\" with three orange fire like lights in a triangle like position.  The object was in my opinion the size of a medium sized house.  I realized it was not an airplane nor helicoptor when it did not emit any sort of sound and just \"hovered\" silently.I live out in the country so I have no close neighbors so I was pretty frantic, so I called the police.  While I was on the phone with the 911 operator, the object I don't know how to describe it but the object shot into the sky like a slingshot leaving a orange glow for a few seconds..  When the police arrived I made a report and that's all, the officer said it was probably a meteor but it was not a meteor.  I am a well respected dentist and my wife is a well respected nurse, and we are not the kind to make up such foolish things.  I found this site and maybe by writing this somebody can tell me what this was\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  I hope someone will inform the Harper Police Department that meteors do not hover, or hang around, for 5 minutes.  They are visible because they pass through the atmosphere at 8-50 miles per second.  PD))"
"12 cone-shaped flying objects with a strange orange/red glow and some with flashing lights.  They were flying inline towards Atlantic. Some strange flying maneuvers displayed.  I tried to focus in using telescope but image wasn't focused. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The movements were too sharp, and too precise, and fast. I was walking my dogs at the dog park and there were fireworks been displayed.  When I looked at the fireworks, a red light caught my eye.  It was behind the city skyline.  At first, I thought it was a plane, but I notice it wasn't blinking it moved on a straight line and then stopped very quickly made a extremely sharp u turn and stopped again only to shine (sparkle like diamonds) for a second then it made another sharp turn but this time had changed the colour to red again then it it moved and stopped moved and stopped very sharp each time then it disappeared behind the the trees."
"strange orange light in sky Bright orange object moving very slow over area.  Then it stopped for a few seconds and headed southeast...then disappeared"
"Black triangle seen briefly in South-East of UK A friend and I were sitting out on deckchairs a little after midnight, looking up into the sky, hoping to see phenomena from the forecast meteor shower on the night of 12 August. We were in Chelmsford, Essex, which is in the South-East of the UK. Apparently out of nowhere, three large dots appeared in the sky. They looked large -- apparently at least ten times the size of stars *in terms of perception* -- although they weren't terribly bright. They formed the three points of an equilateral triangle, and they moved quickly -- over the space of about five seconds -- away over the horizon and out of sight. There was nothing visible between the dots, although background stars were blocked out, according to my friend. I myself was less aware of this observation at the time, so I'm not sure whether I've unfairly re-evaluated what I thought I saw. Today I have looked to the internet in an effort to see if such a sight is usual. I came across descriptions of BBDs, which appear to match what my friend and I saw. I should stress that I had never been aware of these before (unless, perhaps from films, of course). Thousands of Brits will have been looking up at the skies that night because of the meteor shower that received a huge amount of press attention in its run-up. I'd be fascinated to know whether others saw what my friend and I did. Ben"
"two UFOs  seen in south new brighton new zealand My friends and I were walking back from watching the Summer Solstice  eclipse at the beach and we were at our front gate I noticed it first and said look a UFO!  It was a red circle with three flashing silver/white dots going around it. It slowly started to circle down. We watched for a while then were forced to leave. We saw the second one at approximately  22:35 it was a oddly shaped outline,like nothing I have ever seen before,the out line looked like it was made up of small stars.  Flashing silver/white lights a red light was in the top region and it looked kind of like a plane flying backwards made of small stars and lights."
"We notice a light in the night sky that seems to look like a star but twinkles in different colors ranging from a blue to green and a red flashing. were not sure if this is? possibly it's a man made object that's reflecting or a unknown? it does not seem to have moved in the sky for over an hour. it's presently located just southeast of the big dipper in the sky, but quite abit briter. the sky as a whole is very clear this night with some shooting stars in the same direction and we can see local air traffic flying below it. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of Sirius.  PD))"
"I was getting out of my car in front of Papa Murphy's pizza off of 99W.  As I was closing my door, I happened to look West in the sky and noticed what at first I thought was a meteor because of how bright orange the light was.  But I then noticed that there was not a tail of light or smoke at all.  The sky for the most part was clear with a few high thin clouds nothing really to block my view.   The light was traveling at some what of a slow pace, slow enough for me to pull my phone out of my pocket and contemplate filming the light.  But I ended up keeping my eye on it.  It flew from West to East in a straight line.  As it flew over my head, I tried to listen to see if it made a noise like some type of aircraft, but it was completely silent.  As it flew over my head the fireball started to dim, until it went completely black.  The strange thing was as the orange light disappeared I could see a fuzzy grey silhouette of what used to be glowing orange still heading east at! the same speed with no sound what so ever.  I know a plane tends to have white, green or red lights flashing but this was silent and bright orange and faded to a fuzzy grey."
"Saw a blue light on the sky told my wife to see up the object became two and after 10 seconds it became one again"
"A triangle-shaped object with white lights pulsing bright and then dim, hovered high in the sky for over 30 minutes. My son and I were stargazing when we noticed a triangle-shaped object in the sky, with white lights that pulsed bright then dim.  It hovered at what appeared to be quite high in the sky for at least 30 minutes.  It was still there when we decided to go inside--we were not able to get a clear photo with either of our phones."
"UFO With Green, Red, And Blue Lights That Split Into 2, Formed Back Into One, Then Shut Off And Fell From The Sky Followed By 2 Circles \tSo I was sitting at my computer just listening to some music when I just happened to glance out of the window to the West. It was completely dark. Save for 1 VERY bright light. It was flashing red and blue, so I got my brother and a friend to check it out. They confirmed. It was NOT a plane. Excited, I went to get a pair of binoculars from my truck. I stood up on my wall and focused in on the object. I saw a round shape with a curved bottom. But on top there was a bright green light just shooting off. On the sides, there were red and blue lights flashing. For about 10 minutes, it slowly dipped toward the mountain. \tThen, to my amazement, it split! There were now 2 small white lights about a finger width apart (from the distance away). They sank lower still. Suddenly, they shook violently for a second, then shot back together, again to form the previous object. I was shaking, almost unable to hold on to the binoculars. I gathered myself and watched it. \tIt was close to going over the mountain now. But, before it went behind the mountain, it suddenly just shut off. As if a light switch had disconnected the circuit leading to it. I focused more, and faintly saw the outline against the stars in the back. It descended into the dark mountain. I though it was over. \tNow the most shocking part. As I continued watching, I saw a black circle shoot down from the sky at a very high speed, with a thin white tail-Right where the UFO had gone down. I almost dropped the binoculars again, but managed to get them to my eyes to see ONE MORE black circle shoot towards the area. The area behind the mountain lit up dramatically and then quickly died down. We checked out the are from a hill. There were flashing red and blue lights, surrounded by little lights all around. Slowly, over the course of an hour. They all died out. Save one. It descended further down the mountain, until we could no longer see it in the darkness of the trees."
"Silver-grey balloon clusters at very high altitude, at high speed Per Mr. Davenport's request, I am submitting this report about seeing some balloon-like objects.  From 1984 through 1987, while living in the Monterey Bay Area, I observed several times what appeared to be flights of balloon clusters at very high altitudes passing eastward over the Central California Coast.  Most were too far away and too high to see much, even with 7x binoculars. Only one time did they pass directly overhead and seemed close enough to see them better.  The clusters appeared to be several silver-gray, featureless balloons in tight formations and appeared to be straight eastward moving very rapidly, like a jet. They also seemed to be moving around, rotating around each other in rather unballoon-like ways but I am uncertain of this because of they were so far away.  I did not think much of these sightings, assuming that they were some sort of new fancy style of balloon, travelling in the jet stream, until I found out that others had seen very similar objects from relatively close by. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  One of three seemingly high-quality sighting reports from same source.  PD))"
"Object was incredibly fast, never seen anything like it. Noticed while riding passenger in a vehicle a incredibly shiny round object in the sky.   I watched it for several seconds then notice that it moved incredibly fast to a different location in the sky then moved back for about two seconds, then after that it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw 2 rapid moving dimly glowing lights moving jaggedly vertically across the sky. Approx. the time mentioned above, 2 rapidly moving lights moved vertically in the sky.  The lights were dimly glowing.  They appeared to be moving jaggedly in a fluttering motion and were not in unison with each other.  They were not very high up, and the sightings could not be seen for long due to trees blocking my view."
"Bright red spherical object with a rectangular center appearing like fire My property is located in the middle of a cul-de-sac which backs up to a large wooded area.  My wife and I were sitting outside when a light drew my attention to the northeast, facing two trees on my property and the beginning of our neighbor's backyard.  First instinctual thought was that a plane was about to pass, but we had not, as of yet, heard any indactive sounds.  As the light began to clear the obstruction of the trees, details became visible and our full attention was drawn to the object, which continued on in a southwestern direction without making any sound. The object was a red spherical object filled with a central rectangular section of what appeared to be orange fire.  The object was either relatively large or relatively low in altitude, and was bright enough to have drawn our attention before actually becomming visible.  The object roughly appeared to be the size of a full moon in the sky.  We continued observing it with an unobstructed view as it passed almost directly over our property before beginning to take a turn more distinctly toward the west-northwest which began to put it over the large wooded area our property borders.  The object was not fast moving but eventually disappeared beyond the treeline. I've been watching the sky my entire life; I've always been intrigued by the night sky and all the various wonders that appear once the sun sets.  I've been using telescopes since I was a child, and I've never seen anything in the sky that I couldn't identify.   The possibility of this object being a chinese lantern briefly entered my mind and was dismissed in as short a timespan as the next blink of my eyes.  The object commanded your attention in a way that would have been unlikely for a Chinese lantern."
"2 solid boomerang-solid shapes in formation cross sky from horizon-overhead-behind bldg; 1.5 seconds; silent; color of cool fl. bulb It could have been 1968 but was probably '69 or '70.  FIrst night of Perseid meteor shower that year. I was on terrace of 6th floor apartment in Port Chester, NY with  open view from east to west facing south. Was outside to see if there were any early meteors, facing the direction from which they were supposed to arise.  It was only about 12:30 a.m., too early to expect to see anything much. Then low, just on the horizon, I saw a bright light.  I remember thinking, \"wow, this is going to be a heck of a meteor shower,\" when two boomerang-shaped things - one slightly \"ahead\" of the other but in tight formation, flew over.   The 2 objects crossed the entire sky, from the horizon to a point directly overhead and then over my building (disappearing from my view) in about 1.5 seconds... maybe it was 1 second...  maybe 2.  They were a luminous silvery greenish blue color... sort of the color of a cool fluorescent light bulb when it's on, but not as bright.   There were no details, no flashing lights, no windows, and no sound... totally silent. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"At first one orange/reddish light was on 2 sec. later another light came on than both went out for 2 sec. and both came on at the same time and stayed for 2 sec.  The lights were not moving but on level horizontal line.  There were no aircraft in the area at that time and the lights were not flares. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"green orb like ufo new mexico albuquerque 11/3/12 While driving on the freeway just entering albuquerque i saw a light to the left side on my dashboard window.   At first i thought it was a shooting star until in got closer.  It flew across my as i looked closer windshild at a constant speed. Not very fast, and not like any aircraft ive ever seem.  If almost seem to be hoovering yet wobbling.  It was glowing with a green orb like light and for it being so close it did not make a sound."
"Unusual sound like a large invisible object rising from the ground into the sky; disturbed all dogs in neighborhood. I was walking my dog down my street and heard a loud noise, hard to describe, sort of like an engine or a huge compressor of some kind, starting at ground level about 1/8 mile in front of me, then as it grew louder, it also rose toward the sky, very weird.  The air felt charged again, hard to describe.  The sound grew louder until it seemed like it was very high above me, then faded quickly into the distance.   Immediately after it stopped, all the neighborhood dogs went crazy, even from inside houses I could hear them barking.  My own dog acted confused when he heard it, then also started barking when it stopped.  I got the sense that there was something in front of me making the noise even though I couldn't see it, and that it simply rose up and flew away.   When I returned from my walk, my mom asked me what the sound was, she thought maybe air brakes on a large semi truck.  Though the sound had that kind of quality to it, it was much louder and went straight up and no vehicles were on the street that could have made that sound.  It's something I have never heard before."
"We saw a streak of light across a small section in the sky but it didn't dissipate.  At the end of the streak we noticed a blinking light in the sky.  Then we noticed several in triangle patterns around the streak.  They started moving up and down. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"changed shapes and colors big object that changed shapes and gave off beautiful colors ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"a huge bright orange sphere appeared in a photograph clicked by me. today 1st aug,2008.. evening 7.33pm.. i was on the terrace wid my camera coz earlier i took the snaps of solar eclipse... unintentionally i took the photograph of the clouds coz they were looking very beautiful n i observed a small golden dot in the snap which i cudnt see thru my naked eyes.. thn i searched the sky for any star or any airplane but cudnt find any since it was still not dark completely..  i took 2-3 snaps of the same spot again but none had that dot like thing.... whn i Zoom in the photo graph, i was amazed to see the dot turning up into the shape of a UFO.. i can send u the photographs but i dun knw where to send it."
"3 Large circular objects over North Miami I was in an area of North Miami called San Souci Blvd. I was sitting in the living room of a friends apartment on the 3rd floor. The living room faced the balcony that overlooked the tennis courts. All of the sudden the balcony and part of the living room floor turned bright orange. I thought that was strange, as I opened the balcony door I heard people yelling (I could not remember what they were saying). Everyone was looking at the sky. As I looked up all I can see was that the sky was being covered by something light orange.  As I looked at it I really did not understand what it was. I looked at the people on the tennis courts and some of them were running inside the building while a few stayed there point up.  I remember looking up and down several times. It covered the whole horizon. I could not see where it ended. It must have been a few 100 ft above me. About 20 seconds into the experience, it started to move straight up at a great speed with no noise.  I would say another 10 seconds later I noticed the outline of what seemed to be a circle with an outer ring and a glowing orange/red center. It moved straight up at a great speed. My eyes started to water because I could not stay focus on the object. Soon afterwards I noticed two more similiar objects one on each side for a total of three.  As it was moving up it started to move toward the direction of the east, toward the ocean. It finally disapeard, and when I realized what I just saw I looked around me and my friend the owner of the apartment was standing next to me rubbing her eyes with tears. Why eyes were also watered, with a little discomfort.  The people below on the tennis courts yelled at us asking if we saw it. We told them we did. We asked them were did it come from, and they said it just rolled over the building and everything turned orange.  I have told this experience to all my friends throuht out the years. No one believes me, but I know what I saw was real. I don't see my friend any more, but many years later we met by accident, and the first thing she asked me if I remember that day when we saw the orange glow. I told her yes, it is something that I have never forgoten. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"When I was about 10, I had laid down in bed.  I looked at the clock and it was almost 11 at night.  I turned my attention to the tv and within a matter of minutes I looked at the clock again and it was 4 in the morning.  I was extremely confused.  My window was open and I had all of my clothes on except my underwear.  I can not account for the time missing. The next incident was in 2012.  I got up in the middle of the night to grab a drink from the fridge.  I had just opened the fridge door, when I saw this light coming through the sliding door.  I wasn't afraid, and the light came in and grabbed my foot.  The last memory I have is floating upside down above my apartment complex.   The next morning I woke up and thought it was a crazy dream.  But when I got up, I noticed my sliding door was slightly open.  Shortly after I found out I was pregnant.  My son was born in March 2013. These incidents are the ones I can remember. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD)"
"erratically moving light above Minnesota. Zigzag pattern and also just sitting there,. have video. first video didnt record anything The light was the only light in the sky.  Was watching it and it suddenly moved erratically sort of zigzag pattern.  Would then stop and sit for a few minutes then move erratically again.  This went one for well over an hour until it took off instantly. You could not see it take off.  It was there than just gone.  We have video of it. First video kept going black. Could not see the light.  But could when viewing with same camera but in photo mode.  Second video was able to record from older phone camera"
"Uknown object over northeast Wyoming. Date: 17 October 2008   Time: 1915-1930 MST   Location: 1 mile northwest of Colony, Wyoming. Duration of Sighting: Approx 5 minutes. Number of witnesses: 3  Description of Sighting: I exited the building where I work at approximately 1915 hrs.  At approx. 10 degrees above the horizon I viewed a light in the WSW sky.  I called a co-worker to look at the light.  The light was amber in color, very similar to the mercury vapor street lights that are common.  The intensity was about twice the yard light of a ranch that is five miles from our location.  However the size of the light was three to four times larger and did not vary in intensity for the duration of the sighting. We viewed the light and noticed that it was moving.  It was moving very slowly and without deviation from whatever \"course\" it was on.  The general movement could have been east to west, but from our perspective, it looked as if the light was descending.  We observed this light for at least five minutes.  Our observation was with naked eye and with 10X binoculars.  We could not discern any shape to the object, just a \"light.\"  We observed this object until it went into obscura over the horizon, at around 250 degrees azimuth. We considered what it may have been, and agreed that it was not a conventional aircraft, nor a celestial body.  The only possible conventional explanation we could determine from our sighting was that it was possibly a satellite reflecting the sun.  Though other obvious satellites we have seen did not have the same color of light, nor did they reflect light so consistently or so long to our respective position as this object may have been. The witnesses have a combined experience of 70 years in ground radar, satellite tracking, and working with military aircraft."
"2 star like objects heading east as if one directly followed other Just happened to have walked outside to check the pool filter, looked up to see if the stars were out, pretty full night sky, the moon was not up yet.   I live on a direct e-w road, so direction is correct.   In the direct sky above me, I thought I saw a brighter than normal star at say 1 o'clock position looking north.   Shortly (within 4-5 seconds) another bright star appeared at 11 oclock position, both were moving at a faster than normal speed for any aircraft, both were direct path of each other, both moving in same north-eastern direction.  Both passed over the tree line horizon.   Far brighter than normal star(s) but far dimmer than Mars  in southern sky. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle in formation.  PD))"
"Fireball sighted in Abu Dhabi Good Day  First of all I would just like to say my husband is a pure skeptic, and when he saw this fireball he thought it was an Boeing on fire. It moved at the speed of an Boeing. I was asleep, but I\u2019m just reporting this so we could find out, what exactly was that? It came towards him then shifted abruptly and disappeared. He took pictures with his phone and a video. I can get him to send it if you wish. Please can you help with this, we are in shock I think."
"I thought it was drone, but the light was too big and too far away for a drone. I was in Lake George, NY, for bike week and on June 5th.  Approximately 2130, my two friends and I were sitting in a park waiting for the fireworks to begin.  I looked to the north and saw a redish/orange light all of a sudden that wasn\u2019t there a few minutes ago.  I watched the light as it moved very slowly across the sky.  Then all of a sudden the movements became very rapid and started moving up and down and all around \u2026.then it just stopped. I asked my two friends next to me if they see it and they had also noticed it.  We watched for a few more minutes and then is slowly sank behind the trees in the horizon. About 10-15 to fifteen minutes later it reappeared to the south of us\u2026.many many miles from where it was originally seen.  It seemed to hover and then move slowly and then it sped up and stopped.  It stayed there until the fireworks began and then seemed to mover directly over-head of them. It stayed there and seemed to \u201cwatch\u201d what was going on until the fireworks ending and just disappeared by seemingly moving higher up in the sky until it just disappeared It never came back."
"Orange lights over Vancouver, WA. Possible UFO sighting on November 9, 2013, at approximately 11:05 pm in Vancouver, WA.  My partner and I were traveling northbound on I-5 in Vancouver, WA, at 11:05 pm Saturday evening.  My partner noticed 6 orange lights in the sky (four in a diamond shape and two more off to the side). He asked me if noticed the lights, and if so, if I had any idea what they were.   As we continued to travel up I-5, I asked him to pull off the freeway so we could get a better look.  At this time, I looked up the number for the UFO sightings network. My partner got out of the car while I made the phone call.  The objects were glowing  an orange color with blue and white twinkling lights on the bottom.  The objects moved from east to west and seemed to go out of sight when they hit a certain point in the sky.  By the time we parked (approximately 5-7 minutes after the first sighting, there were only three objects present.  They did not seem to travel in any specific order or formation, but continued to \u201cdrop\u201d lights or sparks from the bottom of the object. We watched the objects until we could not see them anymore.  We noticed other people watching the objects as well."
"White haze/light moving at amazing speeds.  Far greater than any known military or commercial aircraft I went to bed early on this night and awoke around 12:15am, to a thumping noise.  Although I do not believe the noise is related, I somehow felt the need to look out my window.  I pulled the blinds back and noticed a white hazy object, hovering above the treeline across the street from where I live.  The object was at a distance of anywhere between 5-7 miles away.  It was a particularly clear night and the stars were out.  It was a white light moving in a small circlular patter, very eratically.  I stared in disbelief and then walked outside to observe.  It was very quiet.  The object hovered for about 3 minutes off to the west and then suddenly shot directly to the north very rapidly, maintaining altitude and distance.  I continued to observe the light for about another minute, before it shot off at an amazing speed toward the north, northeast."
"11-25-14.  Getting gas at Exxon gas station in Marmet, West Virginia, as my truck was facing North at 10:23 AM, I notice two identical small flying objects flying West bound in a straight line at the same exact speed with about 500 yards between.  They were flying rather low and slow.   I tried to get a photo on my cell phone but all I got was a picture of the blue sky.   They both seem to be cylinder shaped with no wings and absolutely no sound.  Flying at their speed and as low as they where you would expect to hear something.   The color of the crafts where white or silver and the weather that day was mostly clear sunny skies with clouds moving in from the East. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was taking pictures of the sun getting ready to set.  I took several pictures about 30 seconds apart.   When I returned inside to look at them; I noticed an object near the sun at its 10:00 position. I pinched zoomed on the object and was shocked to see some type of unknown object.  The sun is actually casting its light on the object from an angle it is from the sun. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect lens flares, caused by pointing a camera at a bright source of light.  We have not received the photos, so all we can do is guess.  The witness elects to remain anonymous, so we are unable to contact him/her.  PD))"
"Bright white disc shaped zig -zagged out of sight towards Kaena Point. While looking for meteor shower in Makaha Valley, saw bright round light flying over Makaha Beach, faster then a plane, but slower then a falling star or meteor.   It flew over the valley, then zig-zagged up and out of sight towards Kaena Point."
"Cuenca/Cahas, Ecuador lights Sitting west of Cuenca, 40 miles away over Cahas National Park mountains @ 14,000 ft. Red & White lights, 2 large + 13+ small following, moving erraticly from north to south. Lost site w/ night cloud cover moving in from the east. This is direction of airliners approach to Cuencia airport, these planes are large and fly low over house from where we viewed this sitting. We live @ this location 2 1/2 years.  This is our 1st sighting in Cuenca."
"2 UFOs seen over New Jersey 2 UFOs where seen in the sky above Edison, New Jersey. They where bright headlight shaped objects seen above the tree line. Video of the event was taken and posted at http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=452_1328660251   A airplane came into view and was seen changing direction to avoid the objects. The UFOs seemed to be not moving and holding position. The camera stopped filming due to limited space but close to 5 minutes of video was taken. The UFOs faded away soon after without leaving their position."
"They appeared 1 at a time, starting below the big dipper, from the west, flying just beyond the North star before they faded and disappeared from view.  They were orange, and brighter than the stars. I first saw 2 at the same time, then 1 at a time flew in a similar path.  They appeared more frequently, until about the 10th, then there was more lag time between them.  For the last few, there was a couple of minutes between their appearances, until they stopped appearing."
"CENTRAL GA: 2 bright lights fly very low toward truck in driveway. Then hover over pasture. On December 2, 2011 at approximately 9:20 pm, In a very rural area of Georgia, I witnessed what seemed to be two huge, bright headlights in the distance hovering very low directly over a neighbor\u2019s house.  I sat in my drive way and watched the object fly very low, just above the wood line toward me until it was just above me to my left. The lights were still very bright shining in my eyes. We then pulled out of my drive way, and turned left.  We stopped at a stop sign about 300 yds. from my driveway. The craft was still very low.  We turned off the truck, and headlights.  The object slowly rose straight up into the air, making barley any noise at all. We turned left at the stop sign, parked, and got out of the truck. We watched the Craft hovering high in the sky above our pasture. About 30 minutes later we returned to my house and could still see the object. We could now see different colors, lime green, yellow, white, and bright blue. There was a thin band of l! ight at the bottom, with a very bright circle light orbiting around the thin strip. I could tell it was a circle because the bright light would travel around the small band of light, disappear, and reappear on the other side of the object. As of now, the object is still hovering high in the sky above my pasture. We attempted to take a picture, and video, once we all stopped freaking out. The object looks so small in the pictures that you can\u2019t really make out the band of lights, with the brighter light orbiting around it."
"Single star morphs into Hoberman Sphere, rotates, reverts, turns red, divides, flies away in formation I don't talk much about this (in fact I've never told anyone but a couple close friends) but my (then, now long ex) girlfriend and I witnessed something strange together one night in the early 1990s.  The exact date is unknown now but documentary evidence from the event indicates it was definitely between mid September and mid October 1991. We were sitting in my car looking at the water at the Port of Olympia, Washington. Time was late evening, with clear sky transitioning from dusk to night. Exact location was parked at the KGY radio station tower at Port of Oly facing north looking over the water of Budd Inlet, with West Oly to the left, East Bay Drive and Priest Point Park to the right.  There was a very bright star (or so it seemed) shining singularly in the sky out over the water directly in front of us, but looking quite far away, as all stars normally do ( ! ). We must have sat looking at it for a good half hour while talking about life and random things.  Quite suddenly this star 'expanded' for lack of any other way to describe it, exactly the way that a Hoberman Sphere does (I found out many years later what a Hoberman Sphere is, and just about crapped myself the first time I saw one in motion its movement looked so similar), but with no visible structure, just one point of light expanding into numerous points of light, perhaps 20 or more, moving quite fast into a giant and perfectly spherical formation of several star-like lights. The formation resembled a grid over a globe with a light at each connecting point between latitude and longitude, but again, no visible structure, just lights in this formation.  This assemblage proceeded to rotate there, HUGE, the lights traveling around the far side of the formation visible through the front side lights moving the opposite direction, in the air for several seconds while we stared slack-jawed in disbelief. I sat silent and stared while she repeated like a mantra \"this is not happening\".  As suddenly as it had initially expanded (and after rotating there in the air for a very long moment) it collapsed in an instant into what appeared to be a single star again, the same as we had stared at while talking all that time before.  Just when we were wiping our brows and \"WTF!!!\"-ing over what we had just seen, it slowly began turning red and pulsating. Then it divided. The star (as it were) remained stationary there and began ejecting duplicates of itself (for lack of better description), 5 of them if I recall, appearing one at a time from the stationary light, same color red, all pulsing in time with one another, traveling at an even distance from one another at a constant and relatively slow rate across the sky away from their starting position, heading east / southeast. As soon as they were evenly spaced and enroute the original \"star\" took up a trailing position in the single file formation and they all flew off slowly over us and eventually the treeline and out of sight.  All of this, start to finish took maybe 2 or 3 minutes. The whole thing happened in complete silence, whatever it/they were made no sound at all, which hit us when, as they were flying away, we noticed a small general aviation airplane flying a different direction but at a much higher altitude. We could just make out the distant drone of the prop engine from the airplane but could hear nothing from the light formation traveling visibly well closer to us. This was when it also dawned on us how much closer the whole event had to have happened to us than it looked to the eye at first.  We were praying that pilot would see these things and perhaps react in some way we could take as confirmation he saw it, but no, they were below and behind him and heading away from his position. He flew right on wherever he was going, apparently unaware.  Optical illusion? Sober group hallucination? Swamp Gas? In all the years since, I never have figured out what the hell that thing was, and I would be shocked if I ever did. It / they moved with obvious coordination which implies some kind of intelligence / control, it was like nothing I've ever seen before or since, I am (after seeing it) hard pressed to believe it to be anything of \"known\" terrestrial technology, I have resigned to the likelihood that I will never know what it was at all. I would have written my own self off as nuts the very evening I saw it (I was never really a ufo 'believer') if not that my girlfriend had sat right there beside me and witnessed the whole thing too.  I went back over a partial video shot of the event (yes believe it or not I had a video camera in the car but the battery had been dead and was only holding a residual charge from sitting around, it was enough to power the camera about ten seconds), the video is completely useless because it was getting dark (everything was plainly visible to the naked eye, but with this cutting edge late '80s video camera, all one can really make out is a blank screen with a few strange flickering whitish dots on it that seem to come and go. The only anecdotal content of any value is the audio track of my girlfriend and myself freaking out (apparently I wasn't silent the whole time!), ((allusion to profanity deleted)) etc in the few seconds. Unfortunately I didn't have the wherewithal to hit the \"show date/time\" function in those few seconds. The best I can do is note that the unrelated video clip shot immediately before it was on September 17th, 1991. This event was probably within the next few nights or up to a couple/few weeks (?) after that, I have no way to know for sure now. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Silent Red/Orange ball of light traversing west to east over Gulf of Mexico Red/orange ball traveling west to east.  Slow moving - took approx 4 minutes for the first one to cross the sky then once the ball disappeared another appeared in the same area the first originated from.   Obviously 2 different objects.  Second event lasted approx 5 minutes.   Both occurrences were silent."
"disk shaped object getting brighter and dissapearing also moved a little. There was one disk shaped object we observed for about 45 minutes that would disappear and get brighter.  It seemed to move a little it also looked like the lights consisted of many white lights and a couple red lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body?  Could not have been the International Space Station.  PD))"
"Early Morning Lights w/Methodical Flying Speed Hope I don\u2019t sound crazy, but I\u2019ve been looking online to see if anyone else saw this for 2 days now.   I was walking my dog and lights to my right caught my attention.  I cannot give them a true color as we know it\u2026they were not white and not yellow.  They had a very \u201cwarm\u201d hue, yet bright and steady.  There were no blinking lights like in aircraft I\u2019ve seen flying.  The shape was between a triangle & horseshoe.  Not as sharp as a triangle yet more pointed than a horseshoe.  The area is very close to a military base so I am VERY used to aircraft, but what was most odd about this is that it was not the sound that caught my attention - but how inordinately low & how methodically it was flying. There was an odd, methodical  steadiness of the lights and movement.  The other odd thing was once I noticed it, I could then hear a soft (almost muffled) sound. The closest description I can give is that it sounded more like a soft muffled whooshing than the engines of a plane, military plane or helicopter.  In hind-sight when I think of the soft whooshing sound & lights I would almost describe the combination of the two as an \u201cenergy\u201c of some kind.  Needless to say I had a very conscious thought that if I didn\u2019t know better I\u2019d say that is a UFO\u2026..but then low & behold (almost as if it heard me) it literally hovered for just a second (no more than 2) right above this exceptionally large pine tree that stands out above the tree line and hung there in a complete stopped position.  As I started to move further out onto my drive to make sure I was REALLY seeing this \u201cplane\u201d just hovering, it lowered straight down.  No angle to the lowering, just a straight line down at the same methodic speed it had been flying.  Having asked a question or two (while trying not to make anyone think I\u2019m crazy) I have determined there is actually about a 30 acre field within \u00bc mile of where it appeared lower straight down.  I stood there for about 4 minutes waiting to see if it would come back up. I went back into the house I immediately told my boyfriend what I just experienced.   Another VERY important note is about 3-4 minutes after I came back into the house I heard an exceptionally LOUD boisterous military aircraft engine fly directly over my home.  I again ran outside to see what was going on & though you could clearly hear the military plane (& the house was vibrating from it) I could not readily see the aircraft.  Now this we\u2019re used to hearing regularly - NEVER so close above the house but it undoubtedly flew directly overhead.  Again in hind-sight I can\u2019t help but think it was following or looking for it.  One other important note I\u2018d like to make, it was not flying from or towards the military base\u2026if I had to give it a direction it appeared to be flying towards the Hudson River."
"We were watching the fireworks display that started around 9:30 pm. We live in Bartlett, Il, a far west Chicago suburb. Initially we saw one glowing orange orb, and then 2, then 3 then a fourht one appeared as well.  They were moving in very odd patterns. they would remain still for a few seconds and then go up,  then back down, left and right movement as well. 3 of them dissapeared withn seconds of each other and the last one remained long after the other 3 disappeared - 3-5 minutes.it seemed to move away from us, or slowly dim in intensity. Everyone wathced them.  There were about 13-15 of us.  All family. I immediately went to twitter and sure enough others around the country had seen similar lights in the sky. Was pretty damn amazing.  We live very close to O'hare and are in the flight path.  We see plane non stop day and night.  These were definitely not planes."
"green disc with red tail trail traveling at downward angel for 6 sec. Was driving home on country road by stahmans farm at 11:00 position saw green disc with red tail traveling at sharp downward angle. Went behind trees or something once 6 seconds lapsed."
"Strange Solid Black line in the sky, horizon to horizon, broad daylight on august 1st 2007 at approximately 11 am in the morning, while driving on the alaska highway near lake creek campground my co worker and i noticed a thin black line going from horizon to horizon ending at pickhandle mountain.  we guessed that this black line in the sky was at about 30, 000 feet up, going north to south.  We estimate this height because right after that we noticed a jet coming into sight and following the exact path of this strange black line. The jet continued along the line then changed direction and went due north towards alaska.  The black line dissipayed about ten minutes after we originally noticed it.  My coworker and i have been working this highway for 20 years and have never seen such a thing before.  This black line was something strange that we have never before seen in broad daylight.  We are just inquring about this as we have never seen anything like it before.  EVER.  Something about this was very weird."
"3 diamond/oval shaped crafts with lights I was just sitting around and then my dad called and said to look out the window then I saw 3 diamond shaped crafts with lights alternating from red, green, blue and white. Then one of the 3 got really bright and shot off to the north east.  Then the other 2 disappeared. I also saw them the night before."
"reddish orange lights traveling in same path from Northwest to South in Omaha, NE In Omaha, Ne, on October  16, 2011 approximately 7:30 pm I went outside to move my car from my driveway into the garage.  As I was pulling in I looked up at the sky and noticed a strange light appearing out of the northwest and moving towards the south. It was quite bright and seemed to move very smoothly across the sky.  I first thought it was a plane but it seemed to have too much red and orange colors on it.  As it continued to move south , I grabbed my cell and called my neighbor and told her to come out into her front yard.  When I hung up I saw another light appear out of the Northwest and start moving in the same path as the first.  As the first moved further to the south, I was able to get a better look and it seemed it had fire coming from the bottom of it which caused the orange-ish-redish  color \u2013 above the orange it was a bright white but I couldn\u2019t really distinguish a particular shape. Then there was another light appearing out of the northwest (now 3 in total) that started following the same path as the first two \u2013 they seemed to all gather in the south hanging suspended.  I tried taking a picture with my cell phone but no luck.  My neighbor was looking as well and trying to take a picture with her cell phone.  I think there were 2 more lights appearing and moving the same direction. I then ran into the house to get my camera and by the time I got back out there, my neighbor said they were \u201call gone\u201d.  She then asked me if I had seen them form a triangle in the south but I didn\u2019t as I had run into get my camera."
"I saw four red/orange objects flying toward me when they got above me they went strait up out of sight within a few seconds. I went out to watch fireworks about 10:30 PM I saw an orange red object slowly coming from the north.  I wondered what kind of plane it was because I had never saw a plane like that.  When it got over me it went strait up and out of sight in a few seconds. I went in and told my wife that I thought I had just seen a UFO? I went back out and two more were coming from the same spot,  I called my wife to come out but by the time she got there they were gone.   As she started back in, a fourth one was coming from the same area and she also watched it disappear."
"We thought two glowing double lighted planes then they turned into four then 8 the 9th was lower not in formation.  They didn't move for 146 seconds some came lower moved off to the side then came back together before going up behind &#9729;&#65039; ((NUFORC Note:  We attempted to contact the witness, but her telephone number is non-functional.  Possible hoax??  PD))"
"Two fast moving brights spheres moving together over wooded lake area   Two bright, round lights seen over wooded lake area.  They were flashing red/orange and yellow moving at great velocity while turning at sharp angles.  Both objects moved together at the exact same time and direction for 15 min then dissappeared and came back 5 min later.  In the distance other people stopped in their cars to look as well I just dont know who they are. The town also lost power at time of sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright light hovering in the sky On February 22 at approximately 7:20 my daughter and her fianc\u00e9 saw a bright object in the sky and alerted me to see it.  We were standing on my front porch and the object was hovering to the south east of us.  The object remains so far it has been there for about 30 minutes.  It appears to be moving very slowly and it has lights blinking red and blue and green.  It is appears to be near the Baton Rouge Airport.  We witnessed several planes flying, they appear to be commercial airplanes.  I recorded it with my digital camera.  I had to zoom in to capture it.  I noticed on camera you could see the lights rapidly changing colors."
"This was highly unusual and I just couldn\u2019t identify these objects. Driving home on I- 269 east of the city of Colliervile, Tn, I saw in the distance several brilliant white lights that seemed to flash on and off.  I started watching closer and noticed there were two cigar shaped objects the lights were coming from.   There were five lights on each object in a horizontal row.  These objects moved independently of each other and seemed to be hovering below the cloud layer.  When I rounded the curve there were some trees that blocked my view.  After the trees, I looked and the two objects had disappeared."
"I stayed the night at Pinon Flats in Great Sand Dunes, CO, last week.  During my stay, my friend and I were taking photos of the night sky at our campsite.  I was going through the photos this evening when I came across a series of photos taken at a slow shutter speed where four lights in a straight line move across the sky.  I sent images over via e-mail. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photographs, and the object in question appears to us probably to be the wingbeats of a flying insect, flying in a straight line.  We do not believe the object is an alien spacecraft.  PD))"
"Red and blue color changing orb moving in all directions. I went out on my deck and i saw a fast moving blinking white light.  It then turned solid red. It was going faster then a plane, then all of a sudden it stopped and went the oppisite direction.  Then it was moving diagnal, then up and down.  Then it turned really bright solid blue for a few seconds.  Then it turned red again and went over towards some planes coming.  Circled around them.  The movement of this red and blue orb was the most unique part.  Then it seemed like the orb didn't know what to do.  Then it feathered down past the tree line.  The interesting part was that i grabbed my phone to record it and i only got one second, and my phone misteriously died and i had 15% charge.  It didn't want me to record it."
"I saw this object thru my binoculars outside the house as well as inside thru bedroom window back bedroom and also on our back porch Object gets super bright like fire then fades out like it disappears then left side appears a red opposite side appears a yellow like object looks like it has a weird round oval shape like over the top of it. Have not seen it move as of yet i first saw it at about 6:10 this evening."
"Looking southeast in between the tree tops a streak of light shot through the sky faster than I ever thought possible headed south west with no sound.  Very, very  fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Slow moving, soundless, smokeless fireball in the early am sky. My husband and I were in the front porch @ 2:00 am.  I was the first to see this fireball thing, it was going straight up and then was gone.   I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me because hadn't got a lot of sleep and was really tired.  I asked him if he saw it and he looked at me like I was crazy.   I ran out into the yard to see if I could spot it again so he followed me still saying I was crazy.  All the sudden the look on his face changed and I knew he had spotted it.  Out of nowhere the fireball was back moving slowly and soundless above the tree in our yard.  It kept in a straight line moving across the sky and away from us.   Within a matter of minutes it disappeared into the clouds.  It seemed to be only 50 maybe 60 feet above us and we both got a very clear look at it.  It had a clear like see through center and covered in fire, no sound, no smoke, no hurry just a steady pace.  I never believed the things I heard about UFOs until now, still go outside in the early part of the mornings just in hopes to see it again!!!   Strangest thing I've ever seen and yet beautiful in a way. ((NUFORC Note:"
"huge low flying craft. strange low 3k feet flying slow object flying overhead, this thing was huge,quite and strange? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was  driving on Hwy 84 with my daughter and saw a triangle shaped object it all happened so quickly but I know it had lights on it and it also looked like blue flames comming out the back it was heading toward the Columbia River and then disappeared.There was another car on the highway who I tracked down in town and asked him if he saw what we saw and he said yes it was a firework but fireworks dont come down from the sky they shoot up ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"moving from south to north-east across the sky in less than 3 minutes;higher and faster than a plane. I was outside smoking a cigarette, completely sober and not sleepy, admiring the thousands of stars in the very dark night sky, when I see what first appeared to be a shooting star.   But I am convinced this could not have been a shooting star because it never burned out and was very consistent in color. I have seen quite a few shooting stars before but never anything like this.   I was looking toward the south direction and noticed it moving very rapidly towards the north-east direction, moving across the center of the sky.   This object was as high as the stars and the size of a star with a consistent orangish color. It moved from one side of the sky to the other in less than 3 minutes!  I was watching it move through the sky, but it moved too far too fast for my eyes to focus on it traveling away from me(I have excellent vision).   After that, I stayed outside for a while longer, looking up, and saw airplanes flying by and compared the object I saw to airplanes. I! am convinced it was not an airplane either. It moved much faster and much higher than any plane. This object had no flashing or blinking lights either. ((NUFORC Note:  Meteors do not last for 2-3 minutes.  Not ISS.  It was visible on this date during morning hours only.  PD))"
"Two red lights converge in the sky and drip other red lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, althought the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"I was driving past the airport at Hillsboro, Oregon. and against the hillside in the distance saw what I assumed to be bright landing lights of an incoming aircraft. After a series of turns in my car I looked again and saw that the lights hadn't moved and was amazed to see them suddenly blink out.  Therefore - whatever it was had been stationary for 3 mins. at least - and wasn't an aircraft coming into land.  All I saw were extremely bright white lights."
"Object leaves sky in a flash, returns in a flash and is followed by another object On the night of August 9, 2008, we went out for drive at 11pm in our convertible since it was so nice.  We drove around Big Lake, Elk River, and the Princeton areas and ended up coming back home through Orrock through the wildlife refuge on County 9 hooking up with Cty 5 to Big Lake.  When we turned south on Cty 5 a bright light caught my attention to the W moving very fast to the SE at about 40\u00ba up from the horizon. The thing peaked my interest in what I thought was a low flying jet was that there were no blinking lights on the outside of the wings or tail. There were also no steady lights on the wings, tail or body of the object, just one VERY bright light. This was also was moving at what I would estimate to be 2x the speed of a normal jet. As it reached true south of our vehicle it seemed to take a slight arching movement towards the ENE. Just as this started, I noticed the light growing dimmer. What was happening was that it was moving higher in the sky.  In about 3 seconds it went from 3-4x as bright as a jet to finally vanishing. Right before it finally vanished there was a bright flash and it was gone. I kept watching the sky for  a few more minutes when there was another flash and the object came back. At this point it was only the brightness of a normal satellite. When the object flew through a grouping of stars I had been watching for reference that were shaped in a triangle, one of the \u201cstars\u201d broke from this constant formation and started following it. During this time I had been trying to get my wife to pull over so we could watch it and possibly turn around and follow it. She had pretty much freaked out and had kept her eyes on the road the whole time and expressed she did not want to see it and was not going to be following it. I have had 2 other sightings before this and have not reported them. I heard Mr. Davenport on Binnall of America today and finally decided that this is the one I remember the most and made the most impact on me."
"Glowing, green orb falling vertically from the sky. On 12/29/14 at around 2:30am, I looked out my son's bedroom window, which faces east.  I saw a large green, glowing orb that was falling straight down from the sky, to behind the treeline and I assume to the ground but I could not see where because of houses and trees in the way and also, I had no idea how close or far it was.  It lasted all of 2-3 seconds.   It had no tail, just solidly falling down.  No sound.  The sky did not light up around it. It did not fall at an angle, completely vertical.  It was about the size of a small full moon you would see in the sky \u2013 nothing like the size of a shooting star.  It was big."
"Saw a small white light that increased dramatically in size, reduced to a small light, turned red and zip......it was gone. #4.  The time is late fall, 1967.  The girlfriend mentioned in #3 is my wife and we live in Bend, Oregon where I was attending college.  As finances were tight (nothing new for a student) we would many times drive to where my parents were living in Lakeview, Oregon for a weekend getaway at very little cost, other than fuel. The drive is about 175 miles to the southeast of Bend, Oregon on a two-lane asphalt highway, and for the most part extremely barren and traveled very little after dark. I had classes at Central Oregon Community College until late afternoons and we'd leave Bend about dark for the approximately 3 hour drive. About halfway through the trip, near Silver Lake, Oregon, which is noted for the long, flat expanses of arid dry desert, I got a chill, as if I was being watched. Since we were in somewhat desolate country with the possibility of deer, cattle or horses using the open rangeland, I kept my driving speeds to between 50 and 55 mph so I could stop if said animals decided to use the road to lie down and take a snooze. As we were driving I noticed a small light at the 1:00 o'clock position and roughly 40 degrees up. Okay, it could be the landing light of any small airplane that the pilot forgot to turn off. Suddenly the light started getting larger, which at this point I decreased my driving speed so as not to drive off the road while watching the light continue to get even larger. As the light got larger I slowed even more until I'm almost stopped. Keep in mind that stopping in the road in this area isn't dangerous as we hadn't seen a car for over an hour. The light has grown to a size that I estimated to be about 100 feet in diameter and at a distance of 1-2 miles away. It looked huge. My wife is screaming at me to \u201cget going\u201d. No way....I want to see this thing! Then it starts getting smaller, until it is back to the original size, turns to a flashing red light, starts moving west, and within a count of 1,2,3....it is over the horizon! And in this flat, open range, that is over 20 miles! GONE....in a couple of seconds! I'm excited. I was delighted to see something like this. My wife is still cussing at me (which is rare for her to use profanity) but she is scared! We continued the rest of the trip with no more \u201cexcitement\u201d. She didn't say one word to me for the rest of the trip! We arrive at my parents house, she goes directly to bed without speaking to me.....!!! The next morning, she acts as if this didn't occur! She would NOT admit what we saw! I've tried to reason in my mind what we saw. I know that one of the strobe lights on all airplanes is red. Fine! But that doesn't explain the white light.....growing to a gigantic size.......reducing again to a small white light than to a flashing red light and DISAPPEARING OVER THE HORIZON in a flash! Needless to say, I never heard of any sightings that evening. Even if anyone else in the area had seen it they'd be accused of drinking! I guess this is the reason it took so many years for me to mention any sightings to anyone. I KNOW WHAT I WITNESSED! Can't explain it, but know what I saw!!! (Note: My wife of that time frame and I are now divorced, but she has NEVER, EVER admitted to what occurred.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  One of five reports from the same source, with whom we have spoken on the telephone, on several occasions.  The witness strikes us as being quite sober-minded, and we suspect he is an excellent witness, and quite reliable.  Once his reports are posted to our website, we will provide links to all of his sighting reports.  PD))"
"Pulsating, bright light with light waves S28 E27. It first seemed like a moon eclipse. The dull light ball made pulsating light circles which grew in diameter. In the centre appeared a small bright light like a star which started to glow brightly and it grew and also the pulsating light circles continued. The bright light grew and shrunk about 4 times then the light took off in a northerly direction."
"Dimmer light rapidly triangles brighter one, (directly above me), joins brighter light, strobes, and streaks dimly out/away. I had just come home from work, went over to the window and looked up, as I might commonly do.  I saw two stars slightly bright, close together.  One was brighter than the other.  Just as I was thinking, \"That must be the aligned planets the weather man mentioned the night before,\" the less bright light did a very rapid triangle around the brighter one, then seemed to join it, then it strobed, maybe 4-10 times the brightness and size and then a brief, dim shooting-star like streak almost straight out/up.   The whole thing, from first noticing the two lights to nothing was maybe 3 seconds or less.   At first I thought it was two crafts, but then after some research, I figured it was just the lights on one triangular one, but who knows.   I was sober, have perfect vision, acute mental capacity and grip on reality.  I was a teacher, now a registered cardiac nurse.  I saw nothing in the paper, didn't bother reporting it until now, when I'm just getting around to reporting a similar incident back in May of this year, (2015)  5/21, or within a few days of that date."
"I looked out my window and saw a flashing object.  I called for my boyfriend so he could confirm what I was seeing.  The object moved from 1 part of the sky to the other multiple times.  Quicker than we could blink. We then pulled out our phone and started recording it.  The object while on video went from a solid to a gaseous state.  The object is still out there at 1:56 a.m."
"On October 7th 2012, 12:15 in the afternoon. I was on the tennis court, practicing my serve.  When I tossed the ball in the air I saw a flash almost directly above me. My first thought was that it was a plane but quickly realized that it wasn\u2019t. The object appeared as a long rectangle, like a steel beam used to build sky scrapers. It\u2019s hard to know the exact length but I would guess 25 to 35 feet.  It was shiny silver in color. When I first noticed the object it was around 1000 feet and by the time the object had descended to 200/300 feet it had moved much closer in my direction.  Then the object stopped moving and just hung there.  I began back stepping and briefly looked to the ground and by the time I looked up again to the object it had changed form to a machine looking object made of silver balls. I drew a diagram of the flight pattern from when I spotted the object and I drew two different angles of the object.  The drawings are drawn from the best of my memory and resemble the object very well.....but not exactly. I had binoculars in my car and was able to see the object up close. I did take 3 pictures with my close to useless camera on my cell phone.  The pictures don\u2019t show the object very well. I was awe struck viewing through the binoculars and by the time I had thought of taking pictures the object had traveled a good distance from me.  There are other reasons why I couldn\u2019t take pictures earlier but it doesn\u2019t matter. It is what it is. You have to zoom in on the photos and the object will come into view.  This object was awesome yet very creepy and spooky. It shined like the shiniest chrome ever. It was completely quiet. There was a black mist or haze surrounding the object that was not highly visible. I\u2019m guessing that the haze served as camouflage, blocking some of the shine from the object. Traveling speed was 10 to 15 mph. The object would move a few hundred feet to the north and stop for a few minutes. Then move west a few hundred feet then stop. Then north, then south and so on. Until it disappeared in the western sky. Total viewing time of sighting was 15 to 20 minutes."
"Friend and I observed a lit teardrop object floating above bean field on moonless night, was about 60 feet long hovered without sound for about five minuets, Friend and I felt ill soon after and had to hold fence to stand up, at that same moment craft flew off to the west at a GREAT amount of speed, Large area of dead crops remained in the field for two seasons, ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I was outside with my husband smoking a cigarette looking at the stars and noticed them moving slowly.  I told my husband and by the time he looked up they were forming a triangle pattern.  When the triangle pattern was made they stayed that way for a few seconds and then all darted off at a high rate of speed into different directions.  They just looked like stars.  If I hadn't been paying attention it would most likely go unnoticed."
"An unusal round object taking off with white blaze I have seen a round object with white blaze coming out taking off from a distance of approx. 3mi,   Initially I thought it is a firework, then released its something unusual.  It was taking off and going above at an angle of 40 degree.   After 10 seconds I realized it doesn't look like firework.  I took my phone out and was able to capture a video of only 21sec as my mobile battery got dead.  But I have seen it going up for further 10-15sec.   I know their is no airport so it can't be airplane taking off.  It can't be firework as it was going up with relatively less speed and lasted really long.   I have not seen taking it off from ground, when i saw i guess it was already 30-40ft above ground and looks like it has taken off like a flight.   I am not sure it was a UFO or not but it was not an airplane, not a toy, not a firework but something unusual."
"Object changed direction after crossing paths with Space Shuttle and ISS Observing the overflight of the Space Shuttle and Space Station, they were about 4 to 5 seconds apart, They were moving from the north west sky in a southerly direction. I then saw a third object moving from South of the Space Shuttle and ISS in a northerly direction, it crossed paths very close to the Space Shuttle and ISS. After passing the Space Shuttle and ISS it made a very large arcing turn to an East heading. This object was not as bright as the Space Shuttle and ISS and looked very much like any other man made satellite except that it changed directions; Basically it moved from a North heading and changed directions to an East heading after passing the S.S. and ISS. This was also witnessed by a friend 5 miles away."
"1 fast zipping light/red/green in distance & 1 whiteflash with r/green lights moving away appearing after flash & moving away from it. Seen looking south/se from Newtongrange about 10-15 degrees above horizon was making coffee at about 04:38~ after sourcing PS4's on alibaba, went to open door to get some air & saw a light that i thought was a plane with lights on in the distance, it was amber/white but changing colours with red/green glints changing quickly,  I went to look elsewhere then I saw it ZIP I mean ruddy-well ZIP across to a new location left/eastward (at arms length maybe half my fists width) it was enough to draw my eyes back to it & watch it, i thought it was just my eyes but I looked on for a while & saw it make small diagonal/up/down FAST movements, staying in the same place & each time before it turned it seemed to have a smooth slow down in the last 10-20% of its A-B line.  I also steadied my head against the door frame to see how much it was moving, id say it was about only 1/10th of my fist at arms length.  I woke my friend & got her to look at it, was away for about about 20 seconds & she came through to the kitchen to see it & after maybe another 20 seconds of her watching it with me & she did same with door frame to see it move she pointed out it was moving west slowly. (it did not seem to get closer at any point maybe a little further away even) & near 04:50 we both saw a clean white flash & 2 lights appeared but it was very fast to the west maybe 5 fists to the right/west of the 1st moving light it was at 20-25 degrees horizon & seemed allot closer, (the flash looked to be 1 fist in size up/down & half a fist diagonally across it not just a round flash) then maybe 1 to 1 & a half fists to the left of the flash we saw a two lights red/green appear(no white light just 2 separate distinct colours, not flashing & the red light was leading) they were moving FAST, maybe 3-4 fists a second from west to east within 5-7 seconds it was gone.  The first one then moved slowly till about a 04:52~ it went behind an obstacle.  The first light was maybe at arms length the size of a match head. The pair of solid red/green lights were about 2-3 times larger. Tried to take a picture with my crappy Nokia but it could not see anything. No sound of bang or anything. There were no other planes i could see moving about, they fly over normally later in the morning & make a shit load of noise I think a flight tracker for the UK would show if there were."
"Large cigar shaped craft flying in broad daylight at very high speed completely silent. Large craft flying completely silent and at a very high rate of speed that no commercial plane could ever match.  Cigar shape white or reflective color.  No wings suborbital flight. Observed in clear detail with a Meade reflective telescope. Without a doubt a bonafide UFO as I have never seen a craft like this ever in my life.  No trails, no lights unknown propulsion.  No exhaust. Approximate flight path SW to NE."
"A white object  moving in multiple directions which I recorded."
"moving light/box shape object 11/22/08 3:18 am and 11/23/08 3:45 am Because I had seen a very unusual chemtrail on 11/17/08 going from horizon to horizon (east to west) in a cloudless sky at around 3:15 am, I have been checking the early morning sky at about the 3am hour every morning since. 11/22/08 3:18am  - bright light low in eastern sky that I assumed was the \u201cmorning star\u201d until it started moving erratically. Considered cloud coverage (minor coverage) and used a tree top silhouette for reference point. Light was defiantly moving in no set pattern. After watching for approximately 5 minutes, light took off at an angle and high rate of speed, disappearing in a few seconds. Within 5 minutes, a large object that was box shaped with slightly tapered ends, red and green lights in the back half of the object passed over my house. I assumed that it was a large helicopter \u2013 possibly a \u201cHuey\u201d, but the object appeared to be around  maybe a couple of hundred feet up but there was no noise at all, no vapor trail, no rotor wash. 11/23/08  3:45am.  Same bright light witnessed at very close to same point in sky. No clouds. Did not see box object."
"Massive aircraft hovering just above tree-line Sitting on the front porch smoking a cigarette, I noticed 3 lights hovering over the tree line,  I then pointed it out to my gf, and we began trying to figure out what it could be.  during this process the object stayed hovering for about the time it time it took to finish my cigarette, at this time we started walking in that direction.  it seemed almost as soon as we began to walk towards it the object began moving and the light formation had changed it began with one yellow light in front one in the back and a red/orange one in the middle. This time it was yellow yellow red.   As we reached a clearing a little down the road we were able to see the object pretty clearly as it slowly went downward.  This aircraft was easily 3 times the size of a grounded airplane had only 3 lights and made absolutely no sound at all.  it went behind a small group of tree but then never came out the other side.  As we were walking back to the house we noticed multiple airplanes and one helicopter almost surveying the exact area we just witnessed this enormous aircraft.  :note:  I have always been a skeptic about UFOs but tonight just changed that.  This thing was like a ocean liner in the sky and just above tree level there is no other explanation for that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  We would like to speak with the source of the report, to satisfy ourselves that it is a seriou-minded report, but we have no means of contacting the source.  PD))"
"slowmoveing  fire ball in sky On Monday, October 11, 2010, my mom and i saw a fire ball looking craft in the sky.  It was dropping fire balls and it was moveing slowly to it was not a meteor.  It could have been a falling satalite or something but it was moving slowly and would get bigger once it looked like it burned away.  The first one i saw which was also the closest looked like it had wings on it.  Once my mom went to bed me and my friend saw both more but they were further away.  We could see all of them until they went befind the trees. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"date: 5th May 2007 time: 7pm  I have just seen a large flying object/ship/??? of some sort. I was driving home across the back road between Rotorua and Tauranga, up over the mainly bush clad hills near the summit. This thing dropped down (rapidly) from above (my left-hand side, approx 20 degrees to west of north) and stopped completely still about 1km up (judging from the angle with the ground, I'm still not entirely sure about its distance away from me) . It sat there stopped for about 30 seconds ( it was not getting any closer or moving directly towards or away from me, it just sat there with constant size) then started to move very slowly towards the east (my right hand side) it moved far too slowly to be any aircraft. I stopped the car and turned the lights/radio and everything off, I just did not want to get any closer to it. It was directly in front of me. I thought of reversing but didn't want to make a sound or any movement to attract attention. It blotted out the stars behind it as it moved (approx 10-20 degrees of my field of vision). It moved in a snake trail path for about a minute and appeared to alter altitude slightly upwards then back down again. It had external red and blue lights and it turned away (swiveled/rotated anticlockwise) to face away from me before moving away.  I am still not sure of its shape as it had red and blue lights/glowing on the bottom and some light around the edge/upper section, the lights on the bottom trailing edge partially disappeared as the upper ones appeared, but the top part blotted out the stars behind as though it had a very large and tall bulge on top, so I am assuming it had a far greater profile width wise than height (ratio wise) as it turned/leaned/sloped slightly in the movement  . When it finally left it flew off very rapidly towards the northeast/north-north east, and appeared to drop down closer to the ground in a hurry.  It made absolutely no sound at all at any time.  There were no clouds, the air was still and cold, town is 30-35 km away, down hill and more to the right of this thing so its not a reflection on warm/cold air as the angles are all wrong. And reflections don't blot out the stars behind, and then swivel to hide lights underneath and display others up top, while blotting out stars with body structure.  I have observed many 747's taking off/landing from Auckland airport , and coming in for landing over the suburbs when I go up there to see my sister, I have seen them by both day and night and this thing was definitely MUCH bigger than a 747.  When it left I got the heck out of there. On the way further down the road approx 4-5 minutes later an airplane ( turbo prop, passenger carrier, size approx 20-30, seater,  all lights on and blinking away flew overhead, approx 2 km away and  on my right hand side. Going in to land at Tauranga airport) The plane is tiny even as close as it is, compared to the thing   I have just gotten home and think it is actually appropriate for me to now send this to you folk... normally I would never say anything about something like this as I am a complete skeptic, this thing has rattled me. I will supply a contact through a third party that I know I can trust and whom through I can be reached but I wish to remain anonymous.  Can anyone tell me what is going on... these things are overwhelming. How can they do that.  I mean this thing was colossal and it just sat there, then left like a fighter on tripple  afterburners with absolutely no sound, or trail or smell or vibration or anything..."
"It was partially cloudy and sun.  Saw between 20-30 small lights flying in a tornado like formation going in and out of the clouds.   Appears to be over Arvada/Denver area moving South. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orange light in Sky moving fast until a parachute opened and object descended into Eugene area. Enjoying a Hot Tub in the evening noticed a distant white light traveling from south to north watched as it turned into a orange glow continually traveling at a good speed.  Than i noticed what appeared to be a parachute and object dropped down into the Valley of Eugene.  Went inside house to share sighting with Friend than came out to notice a bright orange Glow descending down from the sky seemed to be different than the first object than lost sight as it went behind some trees. ((NUFORC Note:  Probable hoax.  Date is flawed, and we have changed it.  Source elects to remain anonymous.  PD))"
"Highly reflective teleporting craft in clear conditions, in broad daylight Sighted in the west-south-west sky, about 50 degrees above the horizon.  The object first appeared as a high altitude aircraft, reflecting sunlight; almost starlike.  In an instant, the reflection smoothly turned knife-thin, and reappeared in full to the upper right of where it had been before.  The object faded quickly immediately after."
"Sunday morning, on a clear lake while fishing in my buddies boat, we witnessed 2 what a appeared to be upside down tops of light.  the upper one was larger and brighter, while the smaller one below the big one seemed to be some how connected to the upper one.  The smaller one had less light then the upper one.   We noticed  try these light objects gaining altitude and then coming back down the east side of the lake.  They seemed to get larger than smaller in size and almost seemed to be shape shifting into different shapes. About a hour had past and I noticed a 3rd object in the north part of the lake.  This object was by itself, we continued to see these objects beyond sun rise so close to 7 am. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Low frequentcy sound vibration...like a horn. I heard the most unusual \"horn\" sound...like a Low rumble horn...low frequency.  I never have heard this before...it encompassed all.  Everything was this low heavy vibration \"horn\".  I did not see anything as it was dark."
"Series of glowing orange/red lights off coast of North Topsail Beach, NC Witnessed a series of orange/red light off the ocean shore.   Lights would appear in one spot for 5 to ten seconds, then the light would fade out.  Lights appeared at various height from the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw something strange in the Lantana, FL sky last night around 8:15-8:30. I was driving to Lake Worth from Boynton Beach via Military Trail and I looked to the west in the sky and thought I saw an airplane tower that has the red light.  But what I saw what looked like a star in the sky moving with red flames coming out of it, while it was moving to the East.  After it stopped moving, I didn't see any red flames coming out of it, then It changed direction.   I was looking for a blinking light you would see from an airplane and didn't see one.  I was thinking what I saw last was either the Space Station or a UFO\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  Launch of Delta IV out of Cape Canaveral at 20:18 hrs., 18MR17: http://www.space.com/36117-wgs9-military-satellite-delta-iv-launch-photos.html  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"erratic dim, and bright oval objects,moving across sky. i was in my bedroom,wife was gone i was watching tv, heard a loud thud like a head on collision i live in the countryside only a few houses nearby, ive moved from a area that had lots of houses around to an area secluded and few neighbors;anyway i went outside after looking out windows saw nothing ,my two dogs were also up looking at back door?  i grabbed my 380 pistol that had a laser sight incorporated in the gun i was startled and i went out the backdoor looked around was quiet, look at neighbors house across street saw nothing lights out they were gone,so i just looked up at the shy dont know why and i saw one oval bluewhite bulb like craft moving slow it was making no sound,moon was about half full, and i would compare it to the size of a pinhead next to the size of the moon the size of a dime roughly,it was moving about a half inch a second,and i activated my laser sight and i pointed it at it and it stopped,and hesitated,and this is not an exaggeration at! all very serious,  it then speeded up to speed i noted first,there also were fixed star like blue,bright blue white ovals that all of a sudden started moving ive seen this before at my other residence,i have gotten into the habbit of looking i guess thats why i saw it happen, the two other crafts were moving about two to three inches per second on a ground sight scale with neckade eye, they were jumping swirling about in the sky close to each other no trails vapor,or again not any sound this lasted for about five minutes they moved from western to south towards the moon,and the lone bogie moved away at a streight line inbetween the two dancing objects,i was amazed because they just changed direction in a instant diagonal line changes i saw this happen before with 3-or 4 objects  a few years ago maybe 6 miles from  my new house  we bought they dim and brighten their light as they are streaking across,i looked saw no more got the idea to grab my night vision and go back out stood outside panning about til i saw one that i could not see o! nly it,u nless i view thru night vision it was like the others oval dim and was moving much slower about 1 inch per 2-3 seconds i watched it move about thirty feet ground to sky scale estimate,and it blurred out of range like it  moved away from the earth  til i could not see it anymore i kept refocusing my nightvision to get it in view,also saw  a round dark ball move over trees in my view after it went out of view ten feet per second no noise and i smelled something like burnt wire after it quickly streaked by it looked  like the size of a softball going over a treeline, weird but thats what happened going back out tonite to see if i see anything else?"
"We all heard a humming,  ran outside and for whatever reason,  we all knew to look up.  We saw a cylindrical object, white silver in color - very bright,  almost brilliant,  moving very slowly through the sky.  It seemed quite large.   Upon calling the small,  local airport,  they stated that there were no known aircraft in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"06/05/2010  4:45 PM  daylight   rectangle shaped box with curved sides OK.Valley    posted  05/11/2014 rural area , 4:45 pm approx,approx. 6 minutes .  stepped out of house ,something in sky, sort of square shaped , . for a scant moment thought of hot air-balloon YET no it was not for there was no balloon atop of object.,it was descending down , quickly  back into house ,called the other person to come look . he did . object still descending down lower , not changing shape but shape was more closer to see. sort like two baskets on top of each other .solid form squarish ~ rectangle    {baskets meaning like the ones used at base of helium hot-air balloon .  we both stood out the back door looking up at it.  then it turned slight in the air , the horses in two pastures very quiet. t-h-e-n~ we could see it into its window,two beings larger grays,they didn't seemed unaware we were looking at them.  One turned it head and noticed us, i said to other person they are looking at us. the gray that noted us moved his arm to the other (which was still looking downward -pres! umably at horses. now the two grays both looked at us ,i went inside to get camera quickly,this point one would have to talk with the other person.with camera Fuji 5x,did get something, but not the part  where the object started rise upward to higher altitude.to transition or change~shape 'energy light~ bright white first,then 3 horizontal colors red top band/white middle/green base part., then vanish but odd for the camera not sure if its got a sphere or what the object changed to. color of object approx. burnt umber, the camera caught roundish brownish object .it's small distant in sky.  the next day forenoon a june 6 2010 (guessing of time of plane) =grey military  like a dc3 shape~bit bigger,might be possible that radar at airport m~a~y ? of had a blip.   having eyes looking back at oneself from another species , is rough. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A red ball of fire flew directly over my car along the coast, where aircraft arn't permitted to fly at a speed of appx. 900 mph \tI was driving southbound on Highway 101 in Carlsbad, CA. at approximately 9:25 pm, the air was clear and I can see the lights off int the distance of Point Loma near San Diego clearly.  A red glowing object flew directly over my car.  I thought that it was a meteorite because of the brightness and the way that it seemed to blur as it moved across the sky flying directly southbound along highway 101.  I was driving at a speed of 50 miles per hour and I assumed that it would burn out seconds after I saw it, but it did not, it continued on, in a straight trajectory, not losing any altitude. \tThe next thought that I had was that it was going as fast as a missile and, living in Oceanside, Ca near Camp Pendleton, it may have come from there.  My confusion turned to concern, knowing that it had no other flashing lights like the jets that land at Carlsbad Airport or the commercial jets that fly southbound along the coast over the ocean.  The only other aircrafts that fly along the coast above the land are the police helicopters that fly over head at times, but mostly over the water. \tI continued following it down the coast, rarely taking my eyes off of it so as to keep my car on the road.  The light was very bright at first, like a meteorite, bigger that Venus when you can see it on a clear night and it\u2019s closest to the earth.   I had kept my eyes on it for about 2 minutes when I saw that it had seemed to be flying over the Sea World tower, approximately 30 miles away.  I had reached Leucadia, Ca, and couldn\u2019t see past the cliffs at this point, but at my last view it had traveled far enough so the light was just a speck in the distance. \tIn my approximations, the light was about 1000 feet from the ground and traveling at a speed faster than the F15s from Miramar Air Force Base. 30 miles in 2 minutes would equal about 900 miles per hour."
"Erratic moving, flashing sphere of multicolored lights lingered over the WV border. Spotted single sphere of light flashing white, green, and red interchangeably, hovering in stationary position.   Continued to observe for 43 minutes.  Object would alternate between hovering in place, rapidly dropping up and down, moving horizontally or diagonally and at times would move in a circle or wave-like pattern.  The movements were too fast to have been a helicopter or plane.   It quickly dropped out of sight behind the mountains to the west."
"Flying object in the skies of Antelope Valley, California We see all kinds of strange flying objects out here in the desert, and since we're in the same region as Edwards Air Force base, NASA, Virgin, etc. it's to be expected.  However, on Saturday evening around 8:00 pm there was a flying object like we'd never seen.  It had a blue light on top and a red light on the bottom.  At first I thought it was one of the drones that flies over the valley every night, but then it started going up and down, then sideways and stop in mid-flight.  It wasn't a plane and it wasn't a helicopter.  I have never seen the drones act in this particular fashion either.  It lasted around three minutes."
"ME and MY FRIEND just saw 3 orange lights that were stopped then went on slowly n made strange manovers ME and MY FRIEND just saw 3 orange lights in coral springs on lakeview drive and coral ridge drive they made no noise they stopped and then went on foward one of them made strange manovers and then followed the others i started to follow them n one after the other they dissapeared todays date is sunday sept 16 2012 at 8;20 pm what is going on out here !this is not the first time i also have a report n pictures a few years ago of a craft its online as carmen padilla UFO Photos Best UFO Photos of 2006 UFOs: Photographic Evidence Best UFO Photographs 2006. Coral Springs, Florida, July, 2006"
"Saw them before in Florida. Ten or twelve white lights in various formation.  Very low to the ground.  Moves very slow and smoothly.  Hovering at times with absolutely no sound.   Vanished one by one instantly."
"Black sphere ufo. It was a black sphere, and it moved medium speed at an angle towards the ground.  It was on the fourth of july, but it wasn't a firework or a plane or a balloon.  It made no noise, and it didnt wobble back in forth, like a balloon.   I think it was a UFO."
"Bright light moving across the east sky with extremely sudden short stops. Bright light moving from south to north in the east sky rapidly with extremely sudden very very very short stops occasionally, brighter than a star w no blinking lights.   Yelled for a friend and he couldn\u2019t believe his eyes.  We watched until it went out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 119"
"As I was putting my jacket on in my upstairs apartment I looked out my window in the West.  In the distance at about 600 yards I saw what I first thought was a jet then I thought it was a comet.  It slowly traveled along at about 10 mph when it turned upward and completely disappeared into outer space, as its 20 foot tail followed.  It was all a bright white.  7 seconds later an object showed up in one second, as it stopped and hovered.  It looked like a beautiful precious multi-colored stone, and was about a quarter of an inch in diameter.  In 3 seconds it disappeared in part of second about where the comet object did.  Three days later, at about the same time of day, I was walking home from the library.  As I was crossing a field, as a shortcut home I saw it again.  Only this time it filled one-eighth of the sky in the north.  It was about 120 feet high and traveling at about 10 mph westward.  In about 10 seconds it turned upward, and disappeared into outer space, as its vaporous tail followed with it.  Since then I saw this object in my area 4 or 5 times at about 6,000 feet altitude.  I could not mistake them for jets."
"Cloud ships over Bethune Beach While walking on Bethune Beach, I noticed a smallish cloud.  I wondered if it was a cloud-ship because of its odd shape and that it wasn\u2019t moving.   As I sat at the picnic tables I noticed that 2 larger clouds moved from the west to east and layered themselves above the smaller cloud.  Each progressively larger.  Once in that position they absolutely did not move for over 2 hours. They were situated directly above the shoreline. Also, a helicopter came from the north and once it got just south of these \u201cclouds\u201d it hovered in place for at least 2 minutes.  It is not unusual for helicopters to travel from the Coast Guard Station (at the inlet) to Patrick Air Force Base, however this was a very different helicopter, it was flying much slower than they usually do and in all my years I have never seen one stop and hover. People took note of the helicopter, but I honestly don\u2019t believe anyone else took note of the \u201cclouds.\u201d  They were still in place when I left at 14:00 (2 p.m.). There were 2 other anomalies in the sky at the same time, but I will keep this limited to the UFOs."
"very bright, could not see shape traveled northeast, not to fast ,but it was big and bright ,no other lights.Path like from bow to epsom."
"Orange fireball in West Boise.  May have landed near Cole street.  No noise, I didn\u2019t actually see the UFO, it was my son.  He doesn\u2019t want to report it.  It kind of freaked him out.  But I thought it should be reported.  He doesn\u2019t know I\u2019m doing this. My son couldn\u2019t sleep on the night of 6/24/15, so he stepped outside and sat on the porch for a while.  It was a warm night. After a while he saw an orange fireball in the sky.  He thought it was a meteor at first. But it was coming down towards the house and slowing down.  It made no noise at all.  He watched as it got lower and lower and he lost sight of it when it was very, very close to the ground. There were big bushes between him and the craft.  He believes it landed because it was so low.  There\u2019s an empty field behind his house and he thinks that\u2019s where it landed.  He was too scared to stay out and watch. I asked him why he didn\u2019t peek through the bushes and see, and he said he was too afraid.  I asked him if he could see people or anything inside the craft.  He said the light was too bright. The house I located in Boise on Cole Street.  The nearest cross street is Ustick."
"Bright object making 90 degree turns, changing speed, Before dark We live in the fight path of the atlanta airport, my wife has a scanner to listen to the pilot talking to the tower, Just before 6 pm.  10/9/2014 she told me to come and look at an object in the sky.  I was like a very bright star,  But was moving,  She suggested it was a drone or a helicoper, but it was very high in altitude,  We watched for at least 20 minutes with it changing direction and speed, Got pictures and video,  It went behind clouds just as it was getting dark"
"A craft was spotted hovering over the city.  The in-laws and myself viewed the craft with the naked eye.  My father-in-law and I also viewed the craft through binoculars.  When the binocular adjustment was made blurry, you could see various lights rotating counter clockwise with a light spike at 4 o'clock."
"Oval blue/ flashing a bright yellow zig-zagging before it left at great speed. Children were playing outside at various places around the house and one child yelled to look and all children present saw a blue/green flash of light with a glowing white v shape surrounding it.  It moved right left right, a zig zag before it left at high speed, much faster than anything else they have seen.  All children ran into the house immediately and all shouted the same description.  One child described the size equivalent to 4 -6 full size vans, and hovered approximately two cedar trees tall. The object also flashed a bright yellow flash before it left. The children said it made no sound."
"Bright green dot.  Struck straight down for about a second and disappeared. Driving down hwy 70s on the morning of 07/18/16, around the time of 5:45am, I saw a green light in the sky.  It was stationary for a blink of time and shot straight down or away from my direction.  It was approximately over downtown Las Cruces, possibly Old Mesilla. Bright green beam of light, and disappeared after a 2-second sighting."
"Two strange clouds swapping positions, with no visible illumination from the ground. Chesterfield UK. Saw two small clouds much like other cirrus type clouds in the sky.  Video a/v online taken by others further afar, but I saw little clouds, not lights as reported by others.  (Please view this video for movement timings, with several web entries for the same video, but I don't know at what time the video showing lights was taken.  The video also helps estimate distances).  Difficult to estimate distances but whilst viewing I thought probably 400 metres high and each moving horizontally, roughly like a pendulum and its mirror image, with a 1000-2000 metres estimated horizontal movement.  Background was clear deep blue with many almost still standard clouds clearly visible.  I was located directly under the east end of the horizontal movement, where the strange clouds were each more or less stationery for a couple of seconds with each pass.  I think this was probably the best location to view. The moving clouds were almost the same white colour as the standard clouds, but with a slightly grainy texture, and slightly whiter.  At no time could I see though the two strange clouds to the clear deep blue background.  Viewed for about 20 minutes, and then viewed again about an hour later with same observations except that the blue background was darker.  Assumed that the repeated movement had continued for this hour duration. On just one occasion I and another person saw a light (white or yellow??) for about a half second, looking similar to a light bulb being switched on and off.  I could not see any trace of a source light beam coming from the ground, and the strange clouds showed a uniform texture unlike what would have been expected if there had been illumination from the ground and associated reflections. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Triangle hovering craft Driving down second avenue in Pittsburgh, he added towards Hazelwood, I saw a dark triangle craft withh 3 round lights on at each point.  I slowed down and it just hovered over the trees.  It was large and had a red light right under the white light at the point.  The car behind me also stopped and looked.  There was no place to pull over and get a picture.  I had to keep moving as more cars got behind me."
"Bright, oval shaped light passing through sky, While sitting outside on a clear night, noticed a large bright oval shaped light going horizontal while looking to the southeast....stopped, and then traveled straight up into the sky for a second and then the light just disappeared.  Couldn't have been a firework, it was going parallel with the ground and didn't make a sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"5 orange orbs hovering around Cicero, NY. I was on my way to work to pick up my check. As soon as I pulled out of my driveway and turned onto Backstretch Path I saw about 5 glowing bright orange orbs floating around past Lakeshore Road.   I pulled the car over because I was simply baffled by the sight. I then turned around, pulled back up into my driveway and proceeded to get my family and show them the orbs.   The orbs all moved in the same direction and they wavered a little up and down.  Sometimes one or two of them would move really fast and then suddenly slow down again.   a couple minutes after that they moved out of sight."
"FIVE UFO SIGHTINGS IN THE SAME PLACE FOR 4 NIGHTS STRAIGHT! I have witnessed five bright multi colored objects in the sky over the last 4 days. On 8/15/09 at 04:00 hours. There was a bright object with blue, yellow, green and white beams of lights shooting from it and what looked like a halo around it and at times, I could see beams shooting from it. I grabbed my camera and took a  picture but it would not appear in the photo. I then taped a mini movie of the object and what I saw on camera was not what I saw with the naked eye. I witnessed what I feel is that same ufo on 8/16/09 at 04:00 hours, these objects stayed in the same place in the sky for over 2 hours on those two occasions. The next night 8/17/09 at 12:30 myself and a friend witnessed a similar bright multi colored  object in the sky but closer to us than the other 2 nights. This UFO appeared to be hovering over something and slightly swaying back and forth shooting very bright beams from it. At 01:30, we both saw two other objects in the sky that were fu! rther away. While the bright one gradually moved toward the other two they all appeared to be flashing beams of lights at each other simultaneously. This is all happening now while I am reporting this to you. It is now 03:00 hours and these objects are still in the night sky, but it looks like they are descending father away from us but they all are still visible and the multi colored beams of lights are still visible but are not as bright."
"UNKNOWN OBJECT FLYING IN ELMHURST, ILLINOIS. It was at about 1 AM when I saw something weird out the window flying.  I couldn't tell what shape it was it just had big  green and red lights blinking it was going very fast, definitely not a plane.  It was going in a circle.  Just one.   I went outside and there was no sound. it was nothing I'd ever seen before.  Very weird!!!"
"Small, faintly triangular light seen over east Norman, OK At approx. 0100 UTC, I sighted a small triangular light streaking overhead at estimated altitude of 10000 feet above MSL, accurate to within 5000 feet.  I had heard a helicopter in the distance and dogs in the yard barking about 30 seconds prior and stepped outside to observe.  The helicopter was fairly low, about 500 feet or less AGL.  It appeared to be on the same heading as the object and appeared to be in pursuit.  I spend a good portion of my time observing and studying aircraft, and what I saw was quite obviously no aircraft.  It was completely silent and appeared to be traveling at 800+ knots.  It, along with the helicopter appeared to be on a heading of about 180 magnetic.  I believe that this was a UFO because of the incredible speed and the lack of navigation lights or sound that would accompany an aircraft."
"Glowing gold disk shaped object hovering silently before rising straight up and disappearing into a cloud. As I walked out to my car, I saw what looked like a glowing gold disk, flickering slightly, hovering motionlessly and silently at about an 800-1000 foot elevation and about a kilometer or more away.  After about two minutes of observing the object, it slowly rose straight up and disappeared into a small cloud, which it did not emerge from after another 5 minutes of observation."
"Seven unusual objects passed over Quincy Illinois observed by four people two of them experienced pilots. Four friends having just finished dinner and were setting on the patio facing the north.  One of us had just went inside when I spotted what I thought to be two airplanes and alerted my friend, my friend and I are both pilots so of course they drew our interest.  We almost instantly knew they were unusual we both decided they were flying at about 3 TO 5 thousand feet and at somewhere between 2 and 3 hundred miles per hour.  They appeared to be the shape of an upside down coffee cup but quite frankly it was difficult to tell because of darkness and a bright light on the bottom front, but we all agreed thats what we saw.  We were so excited by what we saw we hollered for the one who went inside to come out, we wanted her to witness to this also.  They were going in a southwesterly direction staggarded in 2-3-1-1 without formation.  We discussed it for awhile and all agreed we had seen something unusual.  There were seven unusual aircraft relatively close going at a high rate of speed and we could not hear them.  Shortly after they passed the local air ambulance rose an seemed in slow motion in comparison."
"I was driving to a friend's house late May 11, 2019.  as I was turning on her St I look up to see a unidentified flying object above my car.  I have never seen this before.  as I yelled what the heck is that and go to grab my phone to take a video.  that's when it flew fast in front of me. I was able to catch just a glimce of the fast object needed to speed up in my vehicle.  it was super fast, I know what I saw and not many believe me or they believe it to be a police drone. I know what a drone looks like. this was no drone.  I have video footage which I edited to be seen in slow motion because everything happened so fast. it was triangler with lights at the bottom it flashed or blinked every few seconds. it's was silver greyish looking. it was also very silent made no noises at all."
"It was super fast.  Idk what it was to be honest, but it really freaked me out.  I know it wasn't a shooting star, cause it was a lot bigger. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Huge object with 2 Verry bright headlights i can see from 3 minutes away I only had a quick look at the object. It flew about 200 feet over the ground.  It was night time but because it was so close to the ground I had a great view of it.  The color appeared to be grey it had two airplane tails on the back. Just like a plane has one tail on the end of  it this had two.  It also had a 2 extreamelly bright lights on the front they appeared to be in a circle form.  I could see this object from several minutes away.  A bright light glared in my room i looked out the window and I thought i have not seen a plane this bright so i kept watching it and about 3 minutes later it came verry close flying right above my house.  It had an awkard sound almost like a plane but allitle different. My main question is, are there any planes with 2 verry bright headlights?"
"Silver metallic object seen hovering high above suburban intersection in late afternoon sky, might be two objects. While riding in the back seat of 2003 Hyundai Tiburon, my friends and I stopped at a light at the cross streets of College and Towne Center, heading Southbound. I leaned my head back to look at the sky, bored, while we were waiting for the light to change. The sky was clear blue, but my eyes immediately fixed onto an object. It was very high in the sky. I couldn't make out a shape, but it was reflecting light. It appeared stationary in the sky. I tried to determine if there was any movement at all. The light turned green and we rolled forward to the next cross street, Frazee Road. The light was green there so we rolled right on through. I never looked away. I could tell where we were because the road goes uphill from there and turns slightly to the left. I removed my ballcap and tried to keep an eye on the object. I didn't say anything to my friends because at this point, I was believing this to be one of those food store balloons you usually see at the register. I thought maybe a kid had lost one. Then I saw the object appear to reflect light in two spots, like maybe there was not one but two objects. Still, I thought, maybe they were two balloons tied together. The strange thing was, I couldn't really tell if the object drifted any. I wasn't in the best circumstance for viewing them, I realize, and they may have been just balloons, maybe even a weather balloon, but the thing that seemed off to me was that they did seem perfectly still in the sky. *shrugs* Posting it here just in case it was something more and someone else got a better view of it."
"a shape appeared to travel from the east to west and then turned sharp and quick to the north directly over our house.  it was very fast and the turn was extremely sharp.  no sound. low flying or moving.  no mistaking it for a bird or other man made craft.  at first we thought it was a bird. on either side of the span of it, there were two dimly lit lights either of amber or orange - but very muted in scope of illumination and color.  it's flight pattern was very symmetrical and very fast."
"3 glowing white ufos with glowing white tails on each, seen flying at dusk over Dundalk Maryland. Myself and my 3 children were driving on peninsula highway in Dundalk, Maryland, 21222, when we saw 3 circular glowin white objects that had glowing tales behind them. Initially I thought they were meteors.  But, they appeared to be under intelligent control.  The trajectory of the objects were flying at a very low degree,  I think about 10 degrees.  I kept an eye on these objects for about 20 minutes until I could no longer see them due to building structures.   This was the first time I've seen what I think we're ufos."
"Orange sphere in the sky, changing speed and direction. Ok, it's exactly like 2 of the may and April reports from Des Moines.  It looked like a spherical orange fireball or Street light in the sky.  I got 1 pic that turned out OK.  It came from northeast moving slow at first then came close to above town directly.  Then it turned and sped up fast and disappeared behind trees to the north.  No noise at all.  No wind.  I ran to higher ground with less trees and it circled around and came back towards me from the Northeast again.  It dimmed and got brighter randomly.  It was moving faster this time.   Again, I get it excited for it to be directly over me.  And it turns right before town again and goes and disappears to the north and never saw it again.  It was insane.  It changed speed, direction, brightness, but not color or shape.  First time ever seeing anything like that.   I was skateboarding after I got off work when this happened.  The two people that described similar sightings in Des Moines.  Their descriptions.  Literally took my ! words out of my mouth.  The 1 person described it as an Amber Sreet light and that's exactly how I described it.  It's reoccurring.  I know a lot of people had to see it.  It was very obvious and attention grabbing."
"It looked like a shooting star, but was larger and came straight down from the sky onto i assume the land.   I was on my back porch and could see it from the sky going down to the land.  I live up on a hill and I am about 2 miles from the main street in town.  It landed somewhere in a field, I suppose, between my house and town.   I don't think it hit anything because I stayed outside for a while a didn't hear any sirens or anything unusual. My backyard looks to the west where the sun goes down.  I have seen 2 other odd hovering balls in the past 2 years but never reported them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"disc in lakeside i saw a shape in front of me (in the northern sky) as i was driving.  it was close enough that i could see it was not a plane.  it was most likely a disc.  it left no contrail.  i watched it move slowly east and out of sight.  i called a friend who said he had seen it also."
"Three bright white lights in a triangular shape - with a red pulsing light at the rear moving over highway - LOW I was traveling home on 95 northbound out of East Greenwich Rhode Island last night after spending a few hours taking my jeep down 4x4 trails.  As RT.95 merged with RT.4 northbound, I noticed a strange arrangement of lights in the sky just east of me, prob. less than a mile away, and less than 1,000 feet above the tree line heading N.E.E over the tree line at Apprx. 10:45 p.m..  As being a Rhode Island resident all my life, and always living less than 12 miles from T.F. Green Airport, Im used to the normal Airplanes and Airliners either coming in on approach, or taking off from that airport - and seeing the normal navigation lights - the strobing blues or greens.  But this was different - It was a light arrangement of which i had neverseen before,  And It Shocked ME !!  Three Bright White Lights forming a triangular shape, with a pulsing red light at the rear of the object that directly in line with the two outer white lights which were actually strobing in sy! nc with each other !!!  I have never seen this kind of arrangement my entire life, and it baffles me ! I am so interested in seeing if anyone else had reported it, and i also felt so compeled by this event that i drew an exact picture as i remember it from the event using windows art. If you would like to view the picture i can email it upon request, and also if you could help me out on what this could be if it wasnt a ufo, I would really appreciate it. Thanks !!!"
"Flash of light, saucer, into another flash of light I was sitting on a picnic table at approx. 12.20 AM at my work in Beecher, Il, scanning the horizon, and I saw what looked like a mortar blast about 500 Yards off of the prarieland behind the plant. It was white in the center with a bluish tint surrounding it. A concave, bright white object appeared out of it and headed from north to south at about a 20 degree decent. The object dissapeared into the aforementioned \"mortar blast\" about 6 inches (from my viewpoint of the horizon), the \"mortar blast\" appearing when the object came within about 1/16th of an inch from the \"mortar blast\". It seemed to be some sort of \"warp\", I've seen plenty of meteor showers, and this was just too damn close to the horizon line to call it that, and definately too bright to be some sort of space debris burning up in the atmosphere. The angle of decent is also what made me question it.I've never experienced anything like this before. Please give me some information as to what this occurrance was, any feedback would be greatly appreciated.  I was working with a crew of 7; 4 outside, one other witness.  Thank you for your time, I will report to your hotline when I get the time today.  Also, could this have any corrolation with the eclipse today?"
"Black cone shaped object hovering above Dexter then landed (i think). My husband was driving home from work at about 9:30 am and he told me to go look outside towords Dexter.  It's a clear day with not one cloud in the sky, except for some chem trails off in the distance.   We saw this black shiny, what looked like an ice cream cone, object with lights and the top half looked like it was rotating.  It looked like the object was moving closer and getting bigger, then far away, it was getting smaller.  Then it looked like it was starting to land, maybe towords Chelsea.  I lost it behind the trees and wasn't able to see it again.  I made sure to show my brother-in-law, his girlfriend, my friend from next door and my father-in-law.  You could probably see it from I-94 heading west out of Ann Arbor. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"There was an object in the sky flying oddly.  I would say it was hover for a bit before it started zooming around.  Very odd. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Unknown flying object in Alabama I had just completed a report for college, and was taking the trash out. During the time i was outside, i was trying to spot which way the sun would rise, i thought the whole event was funny because while it was a little bright on one side it was still dark on the other side. When the garbage can was finnaly by the road, i decieded to take in more of the early morning view and as i'm turning around to look for the moon i spotted what appeared to be a star.  When i watched the object in question for about three more minitues i noticed that it moved very slightly, i was trying to reasonable about it could have been, first i thought it could have been an airplane but realised that it was'nt simply because of the time, it wasnt a blimp also because of the time, i tried to mentally check off a list of every possible of what it could have been, but i could come up with explanation of what it was.  So i called my older sister outside of the house to come take a look, and all she could do was look no words could excape her mouth, so i asked her \"what do you think it is, i truly think its a UFO,\" and she answered \"it looks like one!?\" then asked her \"does it appear as though it is moving?\" and she said yes, i then told her to watch while i get my camara, she then shouted \"hurry up it looks like its leaving!\" a couple of seconds later she said \"never mind its still there.\" as i run outside the house with my camara and snap the first picture, it starts to move more and with every picture i took the more it moved, finally when i thought that i had enough pictures, my sister and myself retreated back into the house, at around 4:55 a.m. i went back outside to see if was still there and it was, which lead me to believe that it was there long after i went back into my home.  At the time the pictures were taken everyone in the neighborhood was still asleep, because when i atempted to show the pictures to a close friend and neighbor, she and her mother did not believe me, which left me disheartened at what i and my sister had seen."
"Orange UFO in Berkley, MI Moving my daughter's car from the street and I looked up and watched a flame orange saucer-shaped object cross the night sky through the trees at about twice the speed of a small commuter plane.  It was about 45 degrees above the horizon.  I followed it as long as I could before it disappeared behind the house next door.  It was completely silent."
"Unidentified noiseless craft slowly passing by our home at very low altitude. This occurred just beyond CR21. I was on the porch (open type) looking to see if there were any lightening storms that might be seen coming our way as I like to take photos of lightening.  It was cloudy but puffy clouds that had openings or space between them. Something made me look up and I saw something that looked like flat black metal coming very slowly cruising above the clouds.  I saw it for about 2 minutes as it came out of one cloud and into another.  I could not believe an airplane could fly that low and have absolutely no sound.  No sound at all and no lights unless they were on top of the ship but I didn't see any beams of light in the clouds. i thought it must have been huge because I saw a large section of this ship and there was not one bolt or screw to be seen.  Yes it was low enough that I would have seen that. It dawned on me then what it probably was.  I looked out by hanging over the porch railing to see if I could see where it was going and what shape it was.  That was when I realized it was coming back towards me, from the other end of our long porch.  I thought to myself how could such a big ship turn around that fast.  I then got very nervous and stepped away from the railing of the porch to the side of the house, waited about four minutes and looked again.  It was gone. I realized only later that duh an alien ship probably does not have any screws or bolts if their ships are of high technology like the experts say.  So it may not have been as big as I thought but it sure scared me.  I don't go out on the porch anymore if those puffy clouds with space between them are up above us.  My dog was very nervous and panting and I thought she felt a lightening storm coming. After the ship disappeared, she eventually calmed down.  I also had my camera with me but I was so floored by what I saw initially and then becoming frightened,  I didn't take any photos and have been kicking myself about that since then. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I was taking my evening walk in a westernly direction when I noticed a very bright light in the northwest.  The light was many times brighter than the stars in the background. The light was proceeding in a southeast direction and traveling very slowly.  As it came closer to me it appeared to become as bright as a city lit up in the heavens.  The object had a triangle shape to it with immense bright lights down each side of it.  This ufo was about 3000 to 4000 feet above me and slowly glided past me without making a sound. I could not gauge the deminsions of the craft but suspect that it may have been hundreds of feet long.  It went directly over my head and then. zip it was gone.  I am now a firm believer in ufo's."
"there was this lights we never seen before over greenwich - port chester area , before coming out of my home building I see around 8 0r 10 ligths coming east  to west by the time i go looking and get my camera they was gone but 5 minutes later there where more coming same direction , at that moment my neighbors arrived at the parking lot and me and my wife show they the ligths , I was taken some pictures at the same time --- camera fuji 8.2 megapixels --- then our frien Liza and her husband arrive and we show they the fenomena , she was so worry but husband do not say nothing about .... there was a lot of this ligths  coming , separately but continuosly ... Iam sending you the pictures I did get ...."
"Silver aircraft hovered over city then vanished. Silver metallic object hovered over the city for about 2 minutes and then just vanished. I was driving East towards the city on West O at 11am on Sunday morning when I noticed an object in the sky, probably just a plane I thought.  I kept looking up and noticed it was hovering and thought it may be a military aircraft but it was too far to make out.  All of a sudden it vanished!  I pulled over to see if I could see the path of the aircraft outside of the car, but nothing.  Weird. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"long narrow silver rod seen This was seen just briefly one afternoon while driving home from work.  I was driving due south on a local street about 5 pm local time with perfectly clear blue sky.  I noticed a little to my right just a few degrees west of due south, just above the horizon, a shiny object.  This was no ordinary object.  It was long, very narrow, and silver, and standing up-right, and seemed to be somewhat pointed on each end, but it was hard to tell exactly because of the second or two that the sighting lasted. I thought it might have been a reflection, but I could also tell it was far away as I could compare it against other objects such as power lines, and telephone poles, and commercial buildings.  This has to be one of the oddest things I\u2019ve seen, I don\u2019t see too many of these reports shown on the web sites. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"I saw more than a dozen of these craft. Witness Summary July 3, 2012 North Lake Leelanau 2245  I am a 47-year-old Navy veteran and private pilot.   On 03 July 2012, at approximately 2245 hours, I was my boat preparing to watch the firework display on north Lake Leelanau.  I was at N45 01.210\u2019, W085 44.060\u2019.  I was approximately 250 feet from Porter\u2019s landing at a depth of 48 feet.  The winds were calm, light and variable.   I observed an orangish-red glow moving from left to right from my position along the 45th parallel, travelling south to north.  The object appeared below the clouds that were present; and it moved silently.  I estimate that it was approximately 5, 000 feet AGL.  Nevertheless, it was in between the ground and the clouds present.   The orangish-red orb was followed by 14 other objects that followed the exact same flight path as the previous one.   This all occurred just prior to the start of the firework show; and I observed two of the objects go black and I could see their outline in the sky.  I could remember thinking that they looked like about the shape of a quarter.   I had no success obtaining accurate weather information from the FSS, NWS, NCDC and others.  I have seen many craft from both ships at sea, on vantages at land and from aircraft that I myself have piloted.  These looked like nothing that I have seen.  No strobes, nav lights or noise were present. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and we found him to be exceptionally capable, as an observer.  PD))"
"bright lights over hollywood they were six lights in the sky we thought they were stars but then they started to move and stop they kept doing this in one spot for about 20 min"
"My son woke me up his room was shaking and his chair was vibrating.  We went outside and looked to see what could have caused the vibration.  We live on a very high street so it could not be a truck. we looked up and to the south of long island we could see a bright red light [very large] and a smaller one below it.  We took pictures of this and as of right now it is still there, 20 minutes now.  The light stayed steady but would glow brighter slowly and then go back.it looked to have red branches on the southern side of it that branched out.its wasnt so much a pulsating light but there was a definite pattern to it.changing approx every [2] minutes [EST].  It is a much brighter red on the rim and a lighter red on the inside, the smaller one is to low to really see what it is doing.  The pattern would be very bright foe 5 seconds and then dim.  The pattern then changed to bright red staying longer,[approx [4] min by watch.as i write this the vibration had stopped after 5 to 10 seconds and nothing since. we are going back out to see if it is still there.  This cannot be a plane or a tower light we can see that also [the tower light] it is very large and seems quite low.with our cell phones we can actually see it turning shapes like a worm for lack of a better word.  It stays in that unformed way twisting and seems circular but not solid.after approx 5 min its then glows into a huge red mass pulsating approx 3x and then goes into a unformed weird worm movement,yet you can see in the video it looks fluid not solid.  We have a 10 minute video.  It is still out there with the smaller one under it quite far away from the top one doing the same movements."
"Suacer and secondary object over Cottonwood Arizona (verde valley) chased by Jets My son and daughter came in tho the house, asking me to come outside and look at this \"shiny thing\" in the sky.  I went outside and they pointed south-east and I say an object appoximately 3/4 to 1 mile away, stationary and about less than a 1000 ft up.  I told the kids I don't now what it is, but I continued to observe it.  I noticed that it was rotating because the sun was glinting off it despite the clouds in the sky.  As I watched it I couldn't believe what I was seeing, another object this one round looked like a metallic ball, decended from the bottom of the stationary object.  The size of this object was one tenth the size of the other.  The round object then procceded to fly in our direction (west), staying at the same altitude. The speed was incrediably high, I cranned my neck to keep my sight on the object, I watched it fly overhead until it disappeared over the trees behind us, this took only a few seconds and it was gone.  I then watched the original object for a few seconds more, the it slowly moved in a northern direction dissapearing into the clouds.  Still trying to located it, I then noticed two fighter jets, I couldn't see the markings.  The jets were flying at a high rate of speed, chasing the object. I watched them till they disapeared into the clouds also.  My children asked me, \"what was that thing\", my respose was \"I don't know\".  I went in and told my wife this same incredable story, and have not forgot the details.   To this day I tell anyone who listen, They always ask was it a flying saucer, my response is always the same, \"I don't know what it was\"  I have always been a non beleiver in \"flying Suacers\" and I am still a non believer today. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Stoxkton UFO 2014 6 orange/ red lights flying in  formation. over spanos area in Stockton ca. All seperated, at some point.3 followed each other till the first of the thee turned the lights off an left. 2 moved north very slowly about 1000 ft in elevation. Them disappeared  turning of orange/ red lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright circular object of rusty orange color crossing sky, then quickly fading On March 20, 2007, my youngest daughter and I were walking toward the local HS parking lot from the gymnasium, returning home after a school event.  The night was remarkably clear and I could see all the stars pretty clearly.  There were a number of airplanes flying on the normal approach paths.  Sirius and Orion were prominent in the Southern sky.  The planes approaching SFO and other Bay Area airports routinely stack up in both a southeast and easterly approach corridor.  My eye caught a very bright orange colored light that was roughly aligned to the southeast approach, but definitely the wrong color for airplane landing lights (of which I see many).  The light of this object was very bright, a bright rust red/orange, at least 2 to 3 time the brightness of Sirius but the color of Mars through a telescope (I am a life-long amateur astronomer).  I\u2019d watched it for 10 seconds or so and was wondering why it didn\u2019t have any navigation lights because up this point, I was assuming it was a commercial aircraft.  I\u2019m quite familiar with aviation.  I finally mentioned it to my youngest daughter, that I think that object is a UFO, but really half jokingly, expecting any second to see the red/green navigation lights, a strobe or some indication of normal aircraft appearance.  It was certainly Unidentified and Flying (or Orbiting) and it was definitely an Object of some kind.  The speed across the sky suggested an aircraft or satellite and it moved silently as far as I could surmise above the noise of the other people.  I\u2019m not sure any else noticed and I admit I was too shy to point, and say, \"Hey, look a UFO!\"   My youngest daughter had dashed off in a different direction to seek my other daughter (about 15 seconds into the observation) because there was still nothing unusual other than the bright steady color.  I continued to watch for another 20-30 seconds or so.  About this time I looked down to unbuckle my digital camera to try for a picture, although with the glare of the parking lot and lack of any tripod, I didn\u2019t really hope for much, even at full zoom.  However, by this time it faded suddenly as it crossed Orion\u2019s belt over the span of 3-5 seconds.  Strangely, satellites usually brighten as they head out of the shadow of the Earth and go into sunlight.  This object had the opposite behavior, approaching from deep shadow brightly becoming dim as it moved toward the west. My daughter rejoined me and I told her that our object just vanished before my eyes.  I came home and wrote up and drew what I had just seen.  The most remarkable part of the event was that Sirius, the brightest stellar object in the sky, was clearly much more point-like and dimmer than the object, which passed within a few degrees of the star on its way toward Orion, and therefore provided an excellent comparison object.  The object seemed initially to have almost a planetary disk appearance, which was not twinkling or point like but more like a circular smudge.  As it faded, it became much more point like and finally vanished.  I\u2019ve seen satellites \"flares,\" and the color tends to be very white.  This object was clearly a different color than any satellites I\u2019ve seen.  If I was to speculate it could have been a spacecraft or very slow moving orbital object skipping off the atmosphere.  At no time did it move in a way that suggested intelligent control so I can\u2019t say for certain it was anything but \"a highly unusual sighting.\""
"Very large triangular shaped object with points of bright white light moving very slowly across a field and then following a highway. Incident description: I was on my way home from work in May of 07 on HWY 157 going into Edwardsville IL and had just turned on from the HWY 270 exit. HYW 157 proceeds up curving hill and off my left shoulder I saw a very large stationary triangular shaped object over a large field near the SIUE college campus. I slowed my car down and looked at the object for several seconds and then turned off the road at the top of the hill at a hotel parking lot. I got out of the car and could see the object clearly motionless over a field at an altitude of approximately 200 to 300 feet about 250 yards away from me. The object started to move tward me at an estimated 30 MPH heading toward HYW 157 moving south. The craft climbed to approximately 500 to 700 feet and followed HWY 157 heading in the direction of the next town Collinsville.  I returned to the car and follow the craft for about 5 to 10 minutes as it traveled down HWY 157 untill it stopped following the road and disappeared over a hill.  Craft Description: Large triangular shaped object at an estimated 100x150 feet Black in color Traveled at an estimated 30 to 40 MPH, no sound was herd Craft had many bright white lights at various locations along edges; the white lights were not blinking and no other colored lights were observed When I followed the craft from behind no visible propulsion just the white lights along the perimeter edges The craft was approximately 20 to 30 feet thick  Weather: It was dusk on a clear 65-degree evening with no clouds in the sky; the sky had a red hue as the sun was near the horizon  Observations: The craft was so large and moving so slowly I realized immediately that wings could not provide enough lift to keep an object of this size aloft at that speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright orangy-red and white light in SW sky over Madison, WI, travelling slowly and then disappearing. In the Southwestern sky, we observed a large light in the sky that had an orange/red cast to it.  The shape wasn't quite round.   The light moved steadily, but slowly, towards the Southeast.   We watched it progress for about 5 minutes, at which time it got smaller and then disappeared from sight.   We waited to see if it would reappear, thinking their might be some cloud cover at high altitude, but it did not."
"Observed a round craft with blinking lights, then seen a black rim of light, this craft went into this black space and disappeared.  After that all I seen was stars where this object was."
"White light dancing in the sky.... While waiting for the ferry to come across the lake from VT, I noticed a solid light in the sky, which was actually above VT, moving from right to left, yet dropping in a south-west direction.  I thought it was a falling star and then all of a sudden it darted up in a north-west direction and then darted down in the south-west direction and did this 3-4 times and then right before it disappeared, it headed west in a straight line.  The light moved exceptionally fast."
"A fireball object burnt orange color with lights falling from it. I saw a burnt orange color object hovering & drops of light fell off of it.  I saw 3 drops of light fall down like it was dripping.  I woke my partner to see it & it slowly flew away.  It hovered for a while before it flew away.  It was a very burnt orange color & at first I thought maybe it was Mars until I saw objects falling from it.  Like lights coming down or falling down."
"red lights seen over buena park apparently marked as sign of \"apocalypse about 3 red lights were seen over buena park.  My friend told me about the sighting so i did a little research on the side and found out it had something to do with a planet called nibiru or planet x.  I'm not a believer in the apocalypse by means of a planet crashing into us.  but apparently these red lights mean that nibiru or planet x will hit us in July.  the number of witnesses is just how many people i know that saw not sure if the whole city seen it or if he was the only one.  you guys don't have to believe me but what i know is the truth and isn't a hoax.  there have been other sightings of these red lights so there is some accumulating proof that these things or natural occurrences are out there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"bright light over I was waiting at the stoplight at the intersection of Kanner Highway (SR 76) and Federal Highway (US 1) facing south.  I saw a bright light in the distance to the south (probably several miles away at least) moving from west to east and at about a 30 degree angle toward the ground.  It moved in a straight line at high speed.  I saw it straight ahead then lost sight of it behind a building on the SE corner of the intersection then briefly saw it again moving in the same apparent direction and speed before losing sight of it entirely behind buildings & trees."
"orange orb ball of light in the sky it was 2 AM on 10/31/08 between Clinton and Wayne County line in Kentucky.  Me and a buddy of mine saw in the sky in a distance there were a large orange ball of light, we watched it for 15 mins until a second orange ball appeared beside it and only stayed for maybe 10 seconds and disappeared, as was watching the orb we noticed that every time a plane got near the orb would go out as if you would turn off a light bulb, it did this 3 more times and as the the third plane passed the orb went small and followed the plane for a sec and then shot straight up in the sky and was never seen again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"twinkie shaped object with lights hovering over Yorba Linda, CA (Weir Canyon Exit) while driving on the 91 westbound around 9:40 p.m. from orange county toward riverside, i spotted a twinkie shaped object hovering in the sky on the freeway close to the Weir Canyon exit in the city of Yorba Linda, California.i was driving at approximately 65 mph and the blinking object was visible for about 5 seconds before i passed it. It had one red light on the left that did not blink. all the other lights were whitish yellow, oblong, blinking, and were moving in a circular pattern, seemingly, around the object. the craft did not move, it was sitting in one area and i did not hear any sort of loud noise. right after passing the object, i called 911 to report what i had seen. the respondent stated that there was another caller who had reported the same sighting, but in a different location."
"My wife and I were walking our dog at just about 6:30pm Wednesday 11/25/09, when we saw 2 objects flying very high from the north to the south over southern ca.  The 2 objects moved fast in formation, one trailing the other constantly maintaining the same distance.  Then the objects seemed to just vanish. There was no vapor trail or burning debris or red or green strobe lights either."
"Fighter jet seemed to be dispatched to intercept a flying object based on direction of jet sound and object going opposite direction. After arriving at Lyon County State Fishing Lake, I exited my vehicle and immediately heard what sounded like a sonic boom, but not as loud.   I then heard what I thought was a fighter jet on an easterly heading because the sound seemed to go west to east.   I looked up and saw an object that appeared to be flying at a high rate of speed and heading west.  It was only visible for minute or less, but the sound of what I thought was a fighter jet heading east was still apparent and I perceived the sound to be going east.  The object heading west was not a light but looked metallic and I couldn't tell what the shape was because it was, what appeared to be, miles high and I didn't have binoculars. In the past I had heard of fighter jets being scrambled to investigate and try to intercept unidentified flying objects, and this was almost an immediate thought.   I feel our military was scrambled to investigate something or I did not perceive things the right way."
"Thin black triangle, moving slowly over field in suburban Chicago. I was in the passenger seat of a car headed west on Boughton Road. My mother was driving. I was gazing north, looking at the constellations but not paying special attention. Then I noticed something odd about one of the \u201cairplanes.\u201d  At first glance, it looked like any small aircraft at night: a pair of red & white lights flying low, headed west, roughly parallel with the road. What struck me as odd was its slow speed. In fact, we seemed to be outpacing it. (I believe the speed limit on that road was somewhere around 40-45mph).  It would have been out of view soon, if not for the fact that my mother made a wrong turn, north onto Weber Road. We were headed straight across its path as it continued west. I didn\u2019t say anything, but after a few seconds my mother noticed it too. I remember her asking, \u201cwhat is that?\u201d over and over, in an increasingly anxious tone. It was only about 20 feet above the ground, and moving so slowly that it just looked completely wrong, as if it shouldn\u2019t be in the air.  We rolled down the windows and killed the radio. I\u2019m not sure why we thought to do this, but we were duly shocked to find that it made no sound. By now we could see the shape of the object, and in a few more seconds it passed directly in front of / above us. We had a clear view through the front windshield of the car.  From the side, it had looked like a very thin wafer with lights front and back. From the bottom it was an equilateral triangle and each of the three sides curved inward. Each of the triangle\u2019s three apexes terminated in a small rectangular \u201cnub\u201d with a light. (It was actually a very elegant-looking shape). The lights were red and white, but I don\u2019t recall if they flashed or alternated in any way. The object itself was pure, unreflective black. My mother and I later disagreed somewhat on the size of the object. She felt that it was about the size of our car (a large sedan), but my impression was that it was slightly smaller \u2013 maybe about the size of a dining room table.  I won\u2019t vouch for my memory of what happened next. (Not at a distance of 20 years, to be sure.) But what I remember is this: After it crossed Weber Road in front of us, it stopped in midair, hovered a second, then rapidly dropped several feet. Then it took off at a shallow upward angle, traveling east at a surprisingly fast rate. It was out of sight in a few more seconds.  A few final comments. If you look at a map of the area, you\u2019ll see that the intersection of W. Boughton and N. Weber streets is just northeast of a small airstrip (Clow Airport). I\u2019ve thought about the possibility that we saw a light plane \u2013 especially considering the red/white lights. I just can\u2019t completely accept that conclusion based on the evidence of my senses that night.  I should also mention that the terrain in the area was mainly uncultivated fields. I didn't know it at the time, but a stream runs parallel to Boughton Road right along where I estimate the object's flight path was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"White disk shaped object hanging motionless in the sky then disappeared. Twice I have observed the same object during the same time 10:00am and angle in the sky (north) (45 degrees) within the last two weeks.  Disk-shaped, hanging motionless then disappearing in an instant.  Last night also witnessing a fireball in the same vicinity approximately 7:10 pm.  Very bright flash, silent then disappeared."
"My boyfriend and I see these same ones a lot.  He came in, telling me to come and look.   It was a bright light to the east, a little southeast.   We watch it for longer than they usually stick around.  It moved slightly up and down as it was moving across the sky at the speed slower than an airplane.  Then it dimmed. It was about dusk.  A lot of fireworks going off so I'm hoping someone else may report it, as well.  My first report although I've seen many.  I think we have something that makes us more aware.  Not sure how no one else sees these.   My little boy Has witness them with us as well although I'm not sure he understands why he saw."
"Orb over Tahoe. White sphere hanging directly over Lake Tahoe since 7 am.  Still visible 12 hours later.   Extremely slow, almost imperceptible movement toward the west."
"As looking at the sky it was clear full of stars then saw this white ball shape with red and orange flames flew accross the sky I was amazed my friend was sitting with me so I'm telling the truth it just disappeared vanished"
"A burning orange round shape/light seen hovering in the sky just over the inland side of Hwy 17.   Appeared in the sky for about 10 seconds and then faded to disappear.  I've seen these same orange lights, or fireballs, in this same location before but in a triangular shape."
"Irregular hexagon with 3 big bright lights emitting beams I was outside my home smoking a cigarette at approximately 11:38 three very big bright white lights appeared out of the northern sky moving south east not more then 3 miles from where I was standing.  It came out of no where, flying at no more then an altitude of about 3000 feet.  Each light had about 15 foot beams trailing from each one it appeared to be some mechanism of propulsion; every time the it turned they leaned the opposite direction of the turn.  It made an air blowing like noise it came within 1/4 mile of me and my house.  I got a very good look at it once the beams were facing westward when it turned.  The object was flat it was sort of pentagon in shape but not equal lengths, the front where the lights were; was a very wide broad point the sides towards the back were at a much narrower angle and much shorte, then a straight line connecting those for the very back.   The object was black except for on the back it was grey- silver like a vent type thing on that straight line back, it moved quite slow actually but in no way resembled a stealth bomber other then the nose of it and its flatness but had no defined wings and a very funky back end.   After passing by my house it proceeded west for about another mile before completely vanishing into thin air.  I searched the sky and could see no other aircraft of any kind in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Several unusual lights in the sky between kingston and perth. On the drive between Perth and Kingston we witnessed several lights in the sky behaving strangly, At first we thought it was a group of air craft except they hovered in the same possition for quite some time.  And when one of them would move it was at what must have been an incredible speed for it covered quite a bit of distance very quickly.  Each light appeared to be able to move in any direction both forward back and up and down which caused us to realise that we may be seeing something unusual.  I can't say the date exactly only that it was towards the end of febuary between the 25th and the 30th. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Fast moving sphere of light. Large bright ball of white light in North sky, low in sky, very fast- thought was meteor but seemed so big and close- not sure as I saw out corner of my eye and it was very quick and silent. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Green-lit triangle shaped craft blasted off into distance at inhuman speed Bright green triangle shaped craft appeared to be similar to an airplane.  Then in a split second blasted off into the distance at unbelievable speed.  There was briefly a trail of green light as it blasted off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Shocking, caught me off guard! Fireball came from the South just west of US 27 over the Everglades moving N/NW slowly.  Looked like a large balloon on fire from a distance, and then kept traveling instead of coming down.  I recorded it on my cell phone, but only a moving white dot appeared on the camera."
"Formation of 4 aircrafts with glowing underbelly flying low and towards Atlantic Ocean Were on the deck when I looked at the sky at the stars and saw what I thought was a constellation before realizing they were moving.   Told my friend to look up, at which point we realized they were actually 4 separate aircraft \"gliding\" at slow speeds, South East, towards the Atlantic Ocean.  They separated into pairs, two switched places, and they seemed to \"disappear\" (we believe they flew into thick clouds as it was an overly cloudy night). The aircraft resembled planes, in the sense that it appeared they had wings.  The underbelly of each aircraft was glowing, completely lit up with a bluish light; and they made no audible sound.  There were no navigation lights, no blinking light like planes usually have when flying at night, and they were flying substantially lower than the couple other planes we saw in other places in the sky. I have no idea what they were but my friend and I dismissed them as stealth jets flying night training missions or something because we are within 50 miles of Dover AFB and have heard they sometimes perform training up and down the coast.  The only thing I can say for sure is that I have never seen anything like it and it certainly was a sight to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Observed from Roseville, Ca. and Sierra Nevada mountains, I have seen 2 ufo\u2019s.  the first,  when my twins were about 8.  They are now 21.  I lived in an apartment complex in Roseville, Ca.  We were swimming in a pool during July.  It was very hot and the wind was blowing from the north.  I was talking to a couple at the jacoozie when one of the twins said \u201cWhat is that Dad?\u201d  I looked and at about 500 ft. was a perfectly round ball, painted black, with a hint of green.  It was going north, against the wind, keeping the same altitude.  I suspected it might be military, as it was going the direction of Beal Air Base, up by Marysvlle, Ca.  My second sighting was 2 years later.  I had driven up to the Sierra\u2019s for a picknick with a lady friend.  I went up almost to Borial Ski Center, then north about 20 miles to a small lake I knew about.  After lunch, while enjoying the senery, I was watching Comercial Jets going north on a Jet Way.  I am a GA Pilot and know about this.  I could easily see the planes. After a short time, a silver (plane?) looking like a cigar holder came flying north, also on the J Way.  It had NO wings, propellars, tail, or Jet streem.  It was just like a cigar holder in silver. I think, because of using the Jet way, it must have been Military.  I don\u2019t know about either though."
"Saucer somewhere above the Thames Estuary. In the back garden in Benfleet, United Kingdom, I looked in the sky to the East at an angle of about 55 degrees and saw something far off glowing silvery white with a fuzzy haze to its edges making it hard to focus on.  It was a classic saucer shape like this    ()       Rotated 90 degrees obviously. The skies were totally cloudless and blue and a lot of commercial airline traffic passes across this area and it was at least as high maybe higher as I could not determine the size it being so far away. I went to get my camcorder,which had a flat battery and was useless, but when I returned the object had taken on a slight \"S\" shape but rotated 90 degrees so like this ~.    I looked away briefly and it was gone. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi  The date for this although I cannot be specific was about August 2012 in the afternoon around 3pm on a warm sunny day and it was stationary  not moving the slightest that I could detect using the house roof as transit line to the object. I saw a silver object in a similar area of the sky a month later but it was moving and on a saturday and it was more than likely a silver helium balloon from some local event reflecting sunlight unlike the first sighting which definitely wasnt a balloon. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Red orb very intense light moving north from my position in Posey county."
"3 square orange lights in a large triangle formation moving silently SSE over downtown Dallas. I was walking my dog after getting home from a late class. It was after 11 pm CST but not yet 11:30. My dog was lingering in a parking lot so I looked up as I often do to observe the stars. I saw what I thought was a plane taking off from Love field, north of Dallas, without its bright landing lights on. I thought that was strange because I expected the dimmer lights to be red and green for port and starboard. The lights were square, orange and made a perfect triangle. The craft never made any noise at all! It moved in a straight line over downtown Dallas at an almost due south direction; slightly east. I watched for 20 minutes for other crafts or for it to return and saw nothing. It was relatively larger than the little dipper which was also visible."
"3 bright brassy orange planet-sized moving silent lights which disappeared overhead in a clear night sky. 3 very bright brassy orange colored lights in loose formation seen at approx 1500 foot altitude moving SE to NW across wind.  Silent with obvious aircraft in higher background traveling away from lights.  Lights were slightly larger than Jupiter in sky and very bright - traveled smoothly and slowly until \"dimming out\" and disappearing when almost overhead.   Considered that may have been luminaria or fire kites, but brightness and simultaneous disappearance is problematic. Sky was dark and very clear with bright stars and high-altitude aircraft visible at the same time as lights."
"bright unknow light Third Party report.  I\u2019m reporting a sighting for a co-worker.  On 8/13/14, at approximately 9:40 PM, a bright amber colored object passed over Sacramento, CA, moving from south to north.  From Watt Ave  towards Fair Oaks Blvd.   No sound , the light illuminated from all sides, the object appeared front & back to pointed with a thicker middle section like two funnels put together (not really sure because of the object\u2019s brightness)  End of Report"
"Noiseless, low flying, white, bright constant light. Bright white light across night sky coming from southwest headed northeast.   With binoculars saw a constant white bright light, no flashing and no noise and was lower than an airplane would be."
"Witnessed \"V\" shape craft, intercepted and escorted by jet. From around 34,000 feet, I noticed in a completely clear sky a chevron shaped object.  It was dark grey.  There were no clouds anywhere, and no other objects in the sky. We began our descent into Denver.  I estimate when I noticed it it was around 30,000 feet.  I believe it was moving the same direction we were only slightly slower. It appeared as a V.  As we descended, it flatted out in my perception and was completely flat and extremely thin. I witnessed a fast moving plane come in to my sight.  It seemed to have a wider jet trail that was angled more like a \"V,\" instead of a \"=\" stream. The plane came in fast.  I couldn't make out what type of jet it was but it flew towards the object and made a quick turn around.  I could tell because of it's jet stream it was going towards the craft and then parallel with the craft.  It was above and to the side of the V shaped object.  It remained over the object until it was out of my vision. On Southwest flight.  This was probably somewhere in that New Mexico/North Texas/Southest Colorado area. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Seemed more of a darker gray, more black.  That's why it stuck out.  On the smaller her I couldn't tell.  It was fast and made what looked like a a power slide maneuver when it got over top.  Once over top it seemed to do more of a hover/drift rather than fly.  So I don't think it was a commercial type jet.   I don't think those hover planes can do that maneuver that high in the air, but that's what it looked like. Yes, it looked like it \"wing manned\" it or was guiding it away. I'm not on crew.  I asked one pilot, \"What the hell was that, and he just looked at me and said, \"I didn't see anything.\" ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Two bright circles soaring independently through the sky, one remained bright green while the other changed from  white to blue to red There were two bright balls/circles soaring across the sky,  They were moving in their own directions.  Up high, down low, over the mountains.  They didn't move together but separately.    One remained bright green while the other one changed from bright white to blue to red.  They moved VERY fast in various directions.  They would disappear then would suddenly reappear.  It was wild! Two adults, two teenagers, and one ten year old witnessed this."
"i was out side around 3:40 am and i seen two orange red dots or balls one i couldnt see for a while until it moved from behind a tree then i could see they were in perfect line for like 2 minutes staying perfectly still then one started flying in the opposite direction and shot sparks off or looked like it dropped something out of the sky then i couldnt see it anymore but the other one was moving away and it would flicker and stop a couple of times then i was distracted for like five seconds by a light that shown on my fence witch i think was a cars headlights and when i looked back it was gone into the horizon there was no possible way anything could just vanish into thin air like that ((NUFORC Note:  Time above is flawed, and we have amended it, to reflect a sighting at 0340 hrs. on Tuesday, July 2nd, 2013.  We have no means of contacting the source of the report, who has elected to remain totally anonymous, and who provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Reddish orbs flying across the sky starting bright then fading out in distance.  Coming from SE direction to NE.  Event lasted approx 10 mins."
"Bright orangish red spherical object moving from SE to NW of Oak Grove, Mo. On July 15, 2015, my son and I saw a spherical looking object traveling from south east to north west direction.  The object looked like a shooting star at first coming down then it changed color to orangish red in color and did a erratic bounching movement.  I caught it on my tablet before it went out of sight, heading towards Grain Valley, Missouri, and disappeared from sight."
"UFO clearly seen to the naked eye. color, shape, etc. I was walking around the forks in Winnipeg when i looked up to see a UFO the shape of a C. just without the smooth edges. it was clear in the daylight that the object was brown with yellow lights on the bottom.  it slowly moved on until it disappeared. if caught on camera it would have been the closet UFO caught on film.  It was clearly a ship of some sort."
"Bright object suddenly gone The object was very bright.  We observed it with binoculars.  It was much brighter than any star in the sky.  It wound bounce around and the light would get dim and then bright again.  Then it suddenly dissapeared.  The lights appeared yellow and orange."
"Triangle Lights over Lake Superior, MN, Aug 2001. I was on the beach with my girlfriend in late August 2001at approximately 10:30 p.m. there were no clouds.  I was looking at the sky when I noticed three stars that formed a triangle above and to the left of us. The stars were initially still but then began to move in unison heading east over Lake Superior. The stars made no noise.   They moved a distance forward of approximately 3 times the length of the craft then I could not see them anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Two satellite looking objects stopping, reversing, rotating and changing direction before disappearing in the distance. To give some background on our sky-watching experience, my 14-year-old son and I have spent a great deal of time watching satellites in the evenings.  Over the last five years, we have spent 1-2 hours lying on a blanket in our back yard having contests to see who can spot the most satellites.  We have done this on a total of at least 50 separate occasions.  I am also registered on the Heavens-Above web site.  I have taken printouts of satellite and rocket passes outside with us and waited for the passes to occur.  We have watched rockets tumble, which look like a blinking satellite as the sun reflects off the different surfaces of the rocket.  We have watched Iridium Flare and International Space Station passes as well.  To summarize, my son and I know what we are looking at.  We understand the difference between an aircraft and a satellite passing overhead.  Well, at least that\u2019s what we thought, until the evening of February 6th, 2016. We were skiing at Blue Knob Ski Resort, located approximately 6 miles west of Claysburg, PA, at an altitude of 3120 ft.  The sun set shortly after 17:30.   At approximately 19:00, we were on the Route 66 ski lift traveling slowly in a southwesterly direction.  I was sitting on the left and my son was sitting on the right.  The sky was completely clear and dark.  With unlimited visibility, I commented on how beautiful the night sky was because of the lack of light pollution compared to where we live, which allowed us to see many more stars than we would normally see. Just as we were passing over the Upper Extrovert ski trail, my son said \u201cOh my God!  Look at those two satellites traveling together, side by side\u201d as he pointed in a southeasterly direction.  I looked in the southeasterly direction to where my son was pointing, near the constellation Orion.  At approximately 80 degrees from the horizion, I immediately saw what looked like two satellites with a brightness magnitude of approximately -1 traveling in a northerly direction.  The distance of the two objects from us seemed to be the same as a typical communication satellite just outside of the Earth\u2019s atmosphere.  The brightness magnitude of the two objects remained constant throughout this entire observation.    There were no audible sounds from the two objects whatsoever.  The two objects were separated by about 10 degrees and traveling approximately two to three times the velocity of a normal satellite.  The distance between the two objects was decreasing and after approximately 4 seconds, I was expecting the two objects to pass over each other.  Instead, the two objects remained closely together and continued to travel in a northerly direction for another three to four seconds.  The two objects, very smoothly, in approximately two seconds, decelerated to a stop.  It was very clear that they came to a stop because the large number of stars surrounding the two objects gave us a good point of reference.   After approximately one second of both objects hovering still, they smoothly and slowly reversed direction and traveled a short distance of approximately 1-2 degrees in a southerly direction for approximately three to four seconds.  Both objects slowly and smoothly came to a stop and hovered for approximately two seconds and simultaneously rotated so that the object on the west exchanged positions with the object on the east.   Both objects, very smoothly, began to accelerate in a northerly direction at a rate of acceleration that took both my son and! myself by surprise.  It only took approximately two seconds for both objects to accelerate to a velocity of two to three times that of a typical communications satellite.   We continued to watch both objects travel in a northerly direction for approximately ten seconds as the distance between the two objects increased to approximately 10-15 degrees. At this point, as we continued to slowly travel in a southwesterly direction on the ski lift, the bright metal halide lights from the Mid-Way Station drop off point coupled with the increasing distance of the two objects from us prevented us from continuing our observation of the objects. As this observation was occurring, my son and I were verbalizing our observation to each other as we started to realize that what we were witnessing was something we have never seen before.  We were cursing and yelling to each other as we described what we were seeing.  I said things such as \u201cWhat the heck?!\u201d as my son shouted, \u201cOh, my God!  They stopped!\u201d  I shouted \u201cOh my God!  They\u2019re going backwards!\u201d.  These type of statements mixed with a few choice curse words were uttered throughout the entire observation. As we passed the Mid-Way drop off station, my son and I were in shock as we sat in stunned silence for an unknown amount of time.  Now that we were in a fully illuminated area, I turned to my son and he turned to me.  We locked eyes for a few seconds.  My son broke the silence with \u201cWhat was that?\u201d  I returned \u201cI don\u2019t know.\u201d We continued to the top of the mountain in stunned silence. We made one more trip down the mountain and decided that we would call it a day since neither of us could concentrate on skiing."
"Caldwell, ID, red orb-like lights high in the sky. Two large red lights were seen between 7:15-7:20 pm.  They were hovering in the sky, approx. helicopter flight height, larger than helicopters, bright red like a cell tower top light only larger.   They were all of a sudden present, then disappeared, reappeared and disappeared.  No audible sound was heard from either one.   One was almost straight above us.   They were approximately 1/4 mile apart north and south of each other.   There was an elementary school in between the two orb type red lights.  We have never seen anything like this.   In binoculars, appeared to be a dark center with fire type light on the outside.    We thought maybe it was a very large hot air balloon.  But disappeared twice."
"Two unknown bright lights. On the morning of 9/14/2015 @ 6:00am, I let my cat out (which I do every morning), I looked directly toward the eastern sky, towards a well known plane manufacture co. I saw a very bright light (directly above this plane manufacturing co.) that did not move, and up a little higher and more south east, there was another bright light, slowly moving upwards.  At first I thought it was stars, since it was still a little dark outside, but the sky was clear, except just below the \"first bright light,\"  was a \"chem trail\" or should I say exhaust trail from a previous plane. So I asked my boyfriend to come an check this out. He took a look at both bright  lights, got frightened an ran back inside.  I then grabbed my tablet, and video taped what I had seen. When I zoomed on the light, it was illuminating, throwing off different colors.  My boyfriend described it as looking as if the light was vibrating. For some reason I could not film the second light on my video, while the first light did not move, the second one was climbing upwards. I had to go inside to get ready for work, when we left around 6:50, both lights were gone. Later that day I told my father about it, he said he seen the same \"first bright light\" that I had, he also says he does not known what it was."
"saw center white light surrounded by red and blue lights and small outer white lights on perimeter Was driving home , not drinking, center white light , red and blue lights around it, object was stationary  then accelerated out of sight across lake erie west  very fast. object was about the height of an incoming airliner 30 m, i from airport small outer white lights on outer perimeter ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Stationary brightening light that faded gradually. I was observing the moon a nd jupiter when an object caught my attention.  The object was a light that kept getting brighter as I focused on it.  I thought perhaps it was a pulsing sattelite, but it did not move.  The stationary light gradually faded over ten seconds time.  It was located 12:00 east-west, and 1:30 south and reached the brightness of venus briefly.  I am a 63 year old retired auto mechanic with no bad habits."
"Driving on 44 at about 3am.. Seen a bright green Chevron-shaped light..  Came just below clouds going east..  Then back up into clouds and disappeared.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"UFO crosses aircraft landing pattern in Salt Lake City, August 2007 My brother-in-law and I were looking at his RV outside - he went inside for some item.  He no sooner left than I spotted this perfectly spherical (with just a hint of wings, like the rings of Saturn) object.  It was fuzzy looking like a tennis ball, medium dark grey in color.  There were no lights of any kind, and no noise at all.  It came from the West, just passing over the Oquirrh Mountains, and headed straight east over the Wasatch Mountains. It travelled the 25-35 miles from the tops of one mountain range to the other in about 30 seconds, in a perfectly straight line, like it was on rails.  It was about 1000 feet in the air by my best estimate.  At that altitude it would probably be 50 to a hundred feet across. There were no contrails.  There was no wind and it did not behave like a balloon.  The air was calm and warm, no storms around.  It travelled at the same constant, fast speed.  30 miles in 30 seconds is a mile a second or 600 miles per hour.  I watched it until it started to disappear behind trees, then I ran to the street out front and continued to watch it disappear over the Wasatch Mountains.  I called the local newspaper the next day to see if anyone else had reported this UFO.  No one had.  The significant thing was that it crossed perpendicular to the airlines landing pattern, which was very near to my location, and at the same general altitude, making it very dangerous to air traffic. To me that indicates something very strange.  I am a retired Marine Corps Officer, 69 years old, physically fit and have 20/20 and 20/10 eyesight, and a Masters of Business degree.  This was my first UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"I went insane for a week, something had awoken inside me. I strongly believe I am a half breed grey. ^.^ I strangely meet people who can see aura\u2019s which is a ability of the greys. Early in 1999 a huge ship shape ship few over our house and towards Canada.  The event was all over the news. I have slight telepathic abilities.  Possibly early signs of developing it.  Not sure what has woken inside me, except I feel like god ^.^ somehow I understand most languages without never learning them, to some degree. I will continue to grow my abilities.  I know to make people more woke.  Either way I have never been a fan of teaching anyone.  Now that I\u2019ve started teaching this abilities humans seen to enjoy my company more.  Whatever I must get back to work, hope this helps. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Star bright/white dots - over Brooklyn Prospect Park. 15 August 2019 (7pm / 19:00) The event occurred yesterday at 7pm in prospect park Brooklyn. I was in the park with my wife and daughter and laying on my back staring up the swallows flying high above. A small white dot caught my attention (a small star bright light) much higher than commercial airline flights seem to be and way higher than the swallows above. At first I thought nothing of it as it could be something reflecting light from the sun, but the object started to move to the left. After it moved it really caught my attention and a few seconds just stopped. After the obeject had stopped moving, two more lights (or star bright dots) appeared directly underneath the original object. It was in perfect vertical straight line underneath the original dot and totaled three lights. The three lights all proceeded to move left again and after a few seconds of following the dots/stars I tried to alert my wife and point out the general direction.  In this time more had appeared sporadically (in no formation or visibly noticeable) formation.  The number grew till around 7 stars could be seen and spaces all over the area of sky.  The whole event lasted around 2 minutes and my wife (to my frustartition) didn\u2019t managed to track or witness it.  I\u2019m actually sad that I alone witnessed it and would have even tried to contact a complete stranger to highlight what I was witnessing!  I would honestly love to know if any sighting (other than mine) happened and up till yesterday would have literally laughed at anyone telling me they had witnessed something extra ordinary or a UFO. This really changed for me yesterday and tried in all ways to rantionalize and explain what it could have been, both civilian and military wise. Hope to hear from you back and all the best."
"Viewed circular UFO through binoculars.  It remained stationary more than an hour.   It was located at approximately 11:00 in the WSW sky, viewed between 1:00 and 2:00 PM MST."
"2 or 3 orange lights moved from west to east over Great Falls, MT, very fast, silent, March 14/15, 2010 Somewhere between 2100 and 2130hrs, my wife and I were sitting in our hot tub when my wife caught light movement to the southwest of our property.  She called for me to stand up so that I could view with her as two orange objects streaked across the southern sky from west to east.  Travel from horizon to horizon took less than 5 seconds and, even though the travel pattern was basically straight, it appeared as if they moved closer and then farther from each other as they traveled.  The following night (March 15, 2010), at approximately the same time, the same event occurred but this time there were three of them and they were more directly overhead, again, moving from west to east.  This time the maneuvering between the three objects was much more obvious as the distance between them closed and then opened several times.  Basically, though, the trajectory was straight and very fast.  There was no noise on either occasion."
"I saw a silver orb. Saw a silver orb traveling through the sky.  Couldnt have been a plane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Stationary light in the sky over Pomano Beach, Florida.  Inland about 5-10 miles.  Lights look like 3 in sequence tight.  Thought was a star or landing plane.  Object hasn't moved at all."
"UFO sighting over a carnival in Southern York County, Pennsylvania, caught on camera. My friend and I were walking around the local carnival when we spotted 2 large, dark red-orange lights flying South only a few miles away.  We walked to the edge of the carnival so I could try recording them on my phone away from the bright lights of the rides and games, but the red lights flew upwards and faded away.   Seconds later, a third dark red-orange light appeared in the near Southwest, nowhere near a horizon, maybe 1 or 2 miles away.  It flew Northeast, but when it reached a certain point, it turned and began to fly South, exactly in the same path as the first two lights.   At that moment, a very bright fourth red-orange light materialized less than a mile away, again nowhere near the horizon.  It flew Northeast, and when it reached the same point as the others, began to fly almost directly South.  After about one minute, it just disappeared completely.   The last two lights were recorded on video."
"Stepped outside to witness fireworks, I noticed a orange ball off fire enetering from the north and heading south for 2 minutes then it appeares to be travelling east."
"Driving home from work, saw a huge black object in the sky with small green lights all over the base of the object.  It was completely still. Low flying airplanes were soon spotted after this was seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Very bright, unmoving object in eastern sky that suddenly faded to invisibility over about six seconds. While driving eastward, I noticed a brilliant, star-like object about 40\u00b0 above the horizon with brightness between that of Venus and Jupiter when observed on the local meridian.   The object was unmoving, and I wondered if my dream of seeing a supernova before I died was about to be fulfilled.   The object was unmoving, and I could not discern any other lights associated with it, as with an airplane.  After viewing it for about 20 seconds, the light faded to zero in approximately 5-7 seconds.  Prior to this its light output was steady, insofar as I could observe with the unaided eye.   Of course, Jupiter was low in the west at the time of the sighting, and I saw it, as well as the moon, which was just past first quarter, i.e., in waxing gibbous phase.    Venus can never appear where this object did since its greatest eastern elongation is about 47\u00b0, as I recall.   Sirius, the brightest star, is not as bright as this object was, and, of course, it's a wintertime object.   I don't have a ready explanation for what this object could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  The only Iridium flare visible on this date would have occurred at 22:15 hrs.  Therefore, the sighting probably was not of an Iridium satellite flare.  It may have been the landing light on an airliner, approaching from the east, but that is only one of many possibilities.  PD))"
"3 orange lights in triangle formation flying south on I-91 between Thetford and Hanover. We were driving north on I-91 from hanover to Thetford when we saw 3 orange lights above us  in triangular formation flying southward.  We rolled down the window to listen but there was no noise.  We did not see any structure.  It seemed pretty low...2500 feet maybe? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I went outside around 2-2:30 AM to just check the Huge Blood moon that was rising with my binoculars when I first saw something that looked like typical law enforcement drone/Helicopter with the flashing red and blue lights.  But it was moving at a normal speed so I thought nothing of it and continued to check out the moon.   After about 5 minutes I started hearing a high pitched thunder sound, kind of like a jet fighter ripping through the air, I started to see Triangular/long Diamond shaped UFOs, I counted 8 total, 2 in the North, East, South and West just hovering and making a humming sound, they HAD to be thousands of feet up in the sky bc the Binoculars I have aren\u2019t crappy  My Curiosity got the best of me and I go back out around 3:50Am-4:07Am this time with 2 laser pointers and figure if its really NOT a plane, cause IF it IS a commercial aircraft or silent drone then im in trouble and there will be cops down the street on top of being charged bc that ca! n hurt a pilot.  Shined the lasers in the direction of the UFOs and LITERALLY, one of them shot across the sky like a freaking fireball, that\u2019s seriously when I came in and forget that man I ain\u2019t going out there no more alone at dark."
"15 lights in sky in petal MS on 12/12/13 Was on my way to hattiesburg was entering red light looked up in sky seen about 15 lights really scary stuff as my mom drove ppl were pulling over watching the lights about 12 min later a plane coming flying underneath and they started to disappear as the plane was approching them ive heard nothing on the news or anything please post here so i know im not the only person to see them ppl were stopping along the road watching them"
"White orb over Lake Mendota, Madison, WI. On Sunday, February 2nd, 2017, at exactly noon, I was walking near a lake in Madison, WI, and stopped to take photos of a jetstream in the sky.  Upon returning home and examining the photos, I found there to be an unexplainable object in one of the photos, which I did not consider to be a dust orb or other lighting issue.  I have emailed these photographs to the email address on this page.  I did not actually witness anything at the time the photos were taken, but thought that by submitting my experience here you may be able to determine if the object in the photo is a UFO or something else.   I thank you for your time in considering my query. ((NUFORC Note:  Lens flare, caused by photographing the Sun.  PD))"
"Strange lights over Ocean Isle Beach, NC. We were sitting on the front porch and we saw four round lights in the sky over the ocean. They would turn off and on and then disappear.  Several minutes later, it happened all over again only in a different part of the sky.  Sometimes there were only one or two lights and other times there were three or four.  They would flash in the sky and then disappear.  It was obviously not a plane because airplane lights were constantly flashing, these were not.  We did not see any objects, only lights.  There was no trail on the lights, like fireworks or a flare."
"A large extremely bright silent white light moved on straight track from due south horizon to north and changed to a red dot then disappearing when directly overhead.  Complete movement from horizon to directly above took less than 20 seconds.  Light was seen from Lakepoint State resort Campground."
"A shape changing silver white UFO that changed into seven distinct forms (one with a big light at the top) in a matter of moments. Seven Changes in Fifty Steps or Less!  I was walking back home from the convenience store just across the rural road.  Our not too long driveway is almost directly  aligned with the driveway of the convenience store.  In other words, a hop, skip and jump away from my door. As I was almost out of the parking lot to go and cross the road, I looked up and seen a silver white airplane that was about  the size of a commuter plane.  I wondered what it was doing flying so low in this area.  It seemed to be over the bush  between our road and the road behind our backyard.  This &quot;plane&quot; began changing form. Between these distinct forms, it was difficult to see any form distinctly changing except for when the &quot;helicopter blades&quot;  seemingly went back into the form before it finally became cigar shaped.  Instead of looking like playdough being reformed  by invisible hands, instead, it was only grayish or hazy with an indistinct moving form on the outline of the shape.  Between  indescribable shapes between the indistinct shapes, it did keep a white silver changing shape body of the same size as the  original &quot;plane&quot;.  The final cigar shape was about the length and fullness of the original &quot;plane&quot; body.  I only stopped looking  at it once, briefly, to make sure I could safely cross the road. All of this shape changing took place in the length of time it takes for about fifty steps tops.  The thing remained a silvery  white color throughout the different shapes.  Despite hurrying up, I lost sight of it when it went behind the trees in the  backyard. The different shapes and order are as follows:  1.  Very low flying airplane shape.  It was so low that I thought it was unusual and kept watching it.  It was faintly  luminescent whitish silver in color.  The &quot;plane&quot; began to lose its details somehow yet kept its shape somehow.  I could not  seem to really get a grip on its form as it began to change enough for me to catch on that I could be seeing something unusual  that I should just watch instead of trying to make sense of it.  It was astonishing and my eyes kept trying to make sense of it  between shapes. 2.  Three pronged shape without the full body of the airplane shape.  It more resembled the thin body of the musical triangle  only the three lines formed a wide bird foot or pronged triangle shape. 3.  A spinning bangle bracelet type shape attached by a few thin rods to a shape changing smaller thing at the bottom.  It was  sort of like a snow cone shaped frame attached at the point to an egg or some form that always kept changing shape. 4.  At the top of the snow cone frame appeared a large oval light.  It was also silver light and while it seemed like a light, it  did not  illuminate the still very bright early evening that would soon become twillight. 5.  A clear helicopter form that at one point seemed upside down as the small shape at the bottom of the snow cone became  bigger.  It was a definite helicopter form with the whirly blades shape above it.  I do not know if the blade shapes were  actually whirling.    Rather, I was watching as the nose of the &quot;helicopter&quot; became more detailed in its shape.  In contrast, the  spinning bracelet from which the light appeared in number four appeared to be moving in a more obvious way. 6.  A cigar shape with a few small shapes with/or little projections on the body of it.  7.  These little shapes on cigar shape disappeared right before it went behind the trees.  It was then just a smooth white silver  cigar the last time I saw the UFO."
"Sept 3, 2016 at 8:15 PM.  Objects were round, twice the size of a star, bright orangey color, there were about 15-20 of these things just gliding across the sky in multiple clusters and then would disappear."
"bright red streak in the sky unexpectedly fade away very rapidly And same or new object reappears w/ 3 orangish, reddish lights and so While on my way to work, I noticed a bright red streak in the sky out of the driver side window.  The streak was unusual so it caught my attention. It unexpectedly fade away very rapidly.  Another object, or the same object I couldn't tell, appeared at a much closer distance. From what I can remember, this object had 3 orangish, reddish lights and some kind of energy flare that moved around the lights.  The object then seemingly split apart and 1 of the lights rapidly moved crossed the sky and created 2 faint streams like a comet tail but 2 of them.  After I followed the light that split from the object, I brought my field of Vision back to the original location where a large bright light, like a fire ball, was hovering in the sky."
"2 Bright Orange Spheres Sighting Details: When I went outside at around 11 pm I noticed two bright orange balls flying in a vertical pattern. At first I didn't pay too much attention since we are so close to Detroit metro airport. After watching for a couple seconds I quickly realized that these orbs of light were definitely not planes from the airport.  At that point I decided to get my wife so she could see them. She immediately knew these were not planes. From the time I went in the house to get her (just a matter of seconds) the orbs changed their flight from following each other in a vertical pattern to horizontal.  They made no noise, and flew in a very distinct pattern. I don't know what they were, I do know they weren't like anything I have ever seen in the air. My mother-in-law also witnessed this and was as baffled as my wife and I. I was able to watch them fly for probably 4-5 minutes before they were out of sight. I am hoping someone on here may be able to substantiate my! story, or possibly shed some light on what we may have witnessed."
"Orange-red ball in sky south of KC splits into multiple balls before fading away. Looking out a southwesterly facing window on the second floor of our house, I saw a large orange-red ball.  It resembled the full moon in color when it\u2019s just above the horizon.  I thought perhaps I was seeing a planet, but it was abnormally large for a planet and there were no clouds to suggest I was seeing a small part of the moon.  It almost seemed to be \u2018twinkling\u2019.  Then it split into two balls.  I continued to watch and it reformed into a single ball.  It split into three balls, then four.  One ball was slightly larger and above the newly formed balls, which were in a curved line below the larger ball.  I ran downstairs to see it from outside but it was obscured by the tree line, so I ran back up to the bedroom window.  It had reduced to two balls, then quickly back to one, and it slowly faded away.  It was the strangest thing I\u2019ve ever seen."
"Very strange and interesting. Facing east around 1700, a distant dot with a trail behind it very high suddenly split into two pieces and fell apart.  Yellow flash of light.  Similar to a space shuttle launch only very high and much more odd. lasted 1.5-2 minutes.  3 witnesses.   Witnesses did not have camera, out in a field playing tag with an adult. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The speed they moved at was faster then the speed of light based on Dis/height/=speed calc.it was fanominal I would have used my cell to record, but it was not able to ((NUFORC Note:  Prank report, we suspect.  PD))"
"Silent Cigar Shaped UFO Leawood, KS. I was walking out to my mailbox and just took a look up at the stars and happened to see this long faint cigar or rectangle shaped (had little if no lights on it) just slowly gliding by with absolutely no sound.  It looked as if it had trusses, like 3-5 of them around the craft, that must've been supports of some kind.  I would have assumed this was one of those large chinook helicopters but there was no lights, and as I said before, no sound to it at all.   At the same time a plane was flying at cruising altitude with its lights on, and from that perspective I would guess this craft couldn't have been much more than 1000 ft up.  It was flying NE, and not very fast, but I completely lost sight of it after 5-7 seconds since it had no lights.  The coordinates for this event were lat 38.912, long -94.644, and again it occurred at 11:20 pm central time."
"There was more than just one witness that seen that UFO that night\u2026 .As us kids (6 of us) and Mom had seen it too\u2026 I was 4 years old in kindergarten when we had seen it that night\u2026 It was one big one with lots of pretty colored moving lights and a turbo or wind tunnel of loud sound...It broke up into 3, all as well with lots of pretty colored moving lights and they were in a triangle formation.... The 2 smaller ships dropped out of sides of bigger ship....   My Mom took pictures as she yelled at us too get into the house,but we were really poor and by the time we got way older and could afford to have film developed, either the film was runt and or too old or lost, we only found alot of black pictures from that time that was probably exposed to light and never came out\u2026   Our Mom told us never to tell anyone when we were growing up so they didn't think we were crazy... It was right above us and huge it had to be only about 50ft up and it stayed for a long-time! ..Mom said she was scared and was afraid it was gonna take one or all of us and she said made us go into house and then it was gone, but in all reality not one if us can remember anything after we seen them....I really wish I could be hypnotized and go back to see if maybe we were abducted and didn't know\u2026   Anyways found this article today, because I have been talking to psychologist about it.....I  Actually had my mom to google UFO's in Vinita back when I was 4 which I was born in 69 which made it 73, we seen it and this made us excited because we really did see what we knew we all seen..  We lived in same vicinity as were the one witness had seen it, just cliser to the Langley/Vinita side..  Thank you again for documenting this and that I ain't crazy, we really did see it....  Thank you again"
"Bright flash then travel at insane speeds, me and wife saw it, cannot explain it. We heard helicopters coming towards our house, but they sounded much louder than normal hence prompting us to step outside onto our deck(our house is located on the south east side of town).  Once outside we saw two military helicopters buzz low over the town(very loud and sound so different then commercial or stars helicopters) and that caused our eyes to look at a very bright star once the helicopters were gone our focus was on this bright star.  My wife said \u201cthat is one bright star\u201d and we both looked at it as it made an even brighter flash and looked as though it was moving away from us in a manner that it went from the brightest star in the sky to the dimmest and then completely invisible.  It moved in a way as to make a Nike check exactly like you would see in the movies when a space ship travels away into space.  It moved faster than anything I have ever seen and I am an avid watcher of meteor showers and just staring at the stars in general so it was! not a meteorite or satellite as its change in direction and speed defy my knowledge of physics.  Just thought I would report this somewhere as to be recorded, hope this adds to the banks of data.  Have a gooder."
"Ufo follow up in Warner robins   follow up. I posted a few days ago that a i saw a ufo. Well there more I was rideing to school when me and my friend saw this strange red ligh moveing real fast. We live near robins air force base and see all kinds of air carft but we had never seen one like this. A single red light with the still night sky had a red glow around it . it looked like a small red star going faster then the F 15 and 16 i see all the time. It was heading south from the north. it was abot 1,000- 2,500 feet up. It was leaving the coluds in a werid shape like smoke rings. I love astronmy it was no start mettor or planet ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"While driving to my job on Friday morning, January 25, 2013, I witnessed what I thought was a shooting star or firework.  There was no sound at all.   No sooner then my mind could make any sense of this, a huge greenish flash illuminated the wooded area around me. I looked up at what appeared to be a greenish ball of light that appeared to fall downward.  Everything from a plane to a helicopter crashing ran through my mind, and I anticipated a boom after this bright flash of light, but there was no boom. I sped onward toward my job which was right down the road.  My instinct was to just get away from whatever this was.  The event left me shaking."
"UNBELIEVABLE! Extremly bright light hovering with a distinct red laser for about 1 min.  Then red laser disappeared and the brightness of the craft dimmed and then brightening continously.   Was traveling at high speeds faster than any helicopter or airplane I ever saw.   Then vanished in thin air!!!"
"Hovered solid black square/rectangle shaped object had no sound and no lights. I was taking daytime photos over my house and this object  was there when I looked.  It was jet black square or rectangle in shape.  It had no lights and no sound.  I then looked at my photos that i had just taken and looked back up in the sky and it was gone.  This only took about a minute or so.  I couldn't believe what I just saw and actually captured it on camera.  The time was around 1:00 or sometime after.   The weather was very warm and the sky was super clear and blue.  I did not hear or see any visible airplanes at this time.  I started taking a lot of pictures with my Nikon Digital D50 Camera now after I had captured some daytime objects.  I have captured that do not look like normal aircraft.  I usually see a lot of strange objects at night and hours of footage on video.  I was the only witness and I am unemployed.  Lately, I have a captured mostly bright and dull white objects that are shaped either: oval, orb, triangle or heart shaped. October 4, 2013. Thank you."
"Bright white object for 60 minutes observed with high power binoculars. Exact same one as Huntington valley and Pennsauken one. Stationary in sky at altitude viewed with binoculars for 1 hour.  Btight White object as vieeed. Perfect clear day.  Appeared to be stationary with movement simulated by rotation of earth making it seem like it was moving from magnetic northeast to south toward rising sun position East at 2 hours prior to sunset.  Inital location was 50 degrees from ground at NE with apparent movement south.  The reference altitude from several 40,000 feet jets under it put it at gt 100,000-500,000 or higher feet.  Clear observation with high powered binoculars with distinct shape like donut.  Ruled out weather balloon, ISS, gas, star, moon, several witnesses"
"Okay, this is going to soundIsometimesIwas discussing physics with my neighbor, it was cloudy that night.  The clouds were rather low.  The shape of the craft was something like a bat wing.  It was probably about 300-400 feet high.  It was silent and it was heading North.   It actually was not moving fast at all.  If I had to guess, it was moving a tad bit faster than the clouds.  The clouds though, the clouds were moving south, the opposite direction of the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  One of two reports from the same source.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangular, quiet, extremely slow-moving craft sighted around Charleston, SC. Today, July 24, 2007, I was reading through articles posted on www.fark.com.  One of the links was to a UK Daily Mail article titled \u201cUFO sighting bring town to a standstill\u201d  (http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=470579&in_page_id=1770),  about a UFO sighting over Stratford-Upon-Avon.  What immediately struck me in the article was the picture at the top, which made me think \"I've seen this before.\"  A friend and I once witnessed a very similar triangular aircraft flying around the area of Charleston, SC, in summer 2004.  This drove me to look into how many others have seen what I saw.  I figured I\u2019d find one or two stories, not the hundreds that can be found that describe the same thing that I remember. I don't believe in encounters with aliens or anything like that; I think it's obvious the distances across space are far too great for such a thing to happen.  Despite that, or perhaps because of that, this event had struck me as being very strange, and has left a strong memory of what I would usually dismiss as someone \u201cseeing things\u201d. I'm not sure the exact month when it happened.  It was during the summer of '04.  A friend and I who were going to school at the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command in Goose Creek, SC, decided to go out and get some late night Waffle House.  My friend was doing the driving, as I don't have a license.  Perhaps if I drove more I'd remember the exact locations better, but I don't.  You don\u2019t remember driving directions well when you don\u2019t drive.  Looking at the area's Waffle House locations on Google Earth, I figure it was most likely the one on Goose Creek Blvd, or perhaps the one on Aviation Rd near the Charleston Airport, which is also very close to the Charleston Air Force Base. Well, we ate our Waffle House.  Afterwards, we figured we had time to waste.  It was probably a Friday or Saturday night or something.  We didn\u2019t know the area well as we were only there a short time for the school, and our spare time was usually spent within the city of Charleston.  So, we went exploring. We weren't more than 5 miles away from one of those two Waffle Houses.  We took a turn onto a long, straight, wide, smooth road.  It seemed to be a strange road.  I know I'd never seen it during the day.  There was a little traffic on the road we came off of, but none on this one.  It was wide, 6 lanes if I remember right.  It looked like it was freshly paved.  The street we came off of was in the open, but this one had the forest close in on both sides, I'd estimate within 10ft of the road.  The trees were tall on both sides, probably 20-30ft, or a little higher.  It would give me the impression of a planted forest since they were all about the same height, but you can't really tell at night.  We couldn't see the end of the road in sight, the road in front of us was the only break in the trees, for the whole length of the road.  No other roads turned off that we ever saw.  The street was completely unlit, except for our truck's headlights.  I don\u2019t remember if there were any markings or signs at the intersection that stated the purpose of the road.  There were no signs whatsoever during the length (a couple miles) of the road.  The road turned out to end in a military base, which makes the lack of identification of the road confusing, though it explains it\u2019s otherwise spartan appearance. We were driving down the road no more than a minute, when my friend pointed out some lights above the trees to the left.  I can't remember if there were 3 or 4 lights when we first saw it.  There were definitely 3 white lights (not 'glows' as I've read some people as seeing) at the 3 points of the triangle.  We slowed down the truck to about 5-10mph so we could get a better look at it.  It quickly became clear that what we were looking at was no commonplace aircraft. I remember trying to determine if I could see a shape of the aircraft, and vaguely thinking I saw a darker (black against the midnight blue sky) shape against the sky.  It had reminded me of a nacho chip, with a light at each of it\u2019s points. Next I noticed how slow it seemed to be moving.  It gave me the impression of being low-flying and extremely slow.  (I can\u2019t understand how people are claiming that these flying triangles they see are at 1000ft and going 30 knots, etc.  How can you tell from the ground at what height it is, and how large it is?  You can\u2019t really tell if it\u2019s 170ft wide and 100ft off the ground, or a mile wide and 50 miles off the ground.  At least I couldn\u2019t tell in the dark of that night\u2026)  It made me think of something like a B-2, but if it was only 170ft wide, or however wide they are, then it must have been almost unmoving.  I know few aircraft we have can hover, and a B-2 sure ain\u2019t one of them. Then my friend pointed out something that should have been far more obvious \u2013 it was very quiet, perhaps silent.  We couldn\u2019t hear any discernible sound over his little Toyota truck.  This later made us think that it could have been a much larger craft higher up, but that seems less likely.  While an extremely large craft could appear to be moving slowly and be silent if it were orbiting the Earth in our upper atmosphere at high speeds, the idea of some Independence Day-sized aircraft remaining undetected by everyone on the planet seems unlikely, not to mention the absurdity of such a design. The next part is still what strikes me as the strangest.  It reminded me of the old stories and movies of a beam of light coming out of a flying saucer to abduct people.  In the center of the craft there was what appeared to be a searchlight, one of those directional beams of light used to illuminate specific parts of a landscape.  I don\u2019t remember the light first turning on specifically, and I don\u2019t remember it being there when we first saw the craft.  The reason I stated that there were 3 or 4 lights at the start is I figure if it had the searchlight on from the start I would have noticed it a lot quicker, but the clear image planted in my brain is that of the flying triangle with the 3 lights, and the one searchlight in the center.  It was being directed around apparently randomly, like you\u2019d see one being used in a prison escape movie to search for an escapee.  The beam could be seen moving quickly and erratically, but smoothly, over the forest, and it occasionally passed over the road we were on, as well, but it never really got close to the truck.  We were still moving slowly down the road with our truck, and the craft was still passing slowly above us.  I couldn\u2019t help thinking at that time that whatever piece of magnificent technology that had to be, that they must have known we were there.  But if it did know we were there, it didn\u2019t give any indication of it. We kept looking at it in awe as we crept down the road, it eventually being above us and to the left, so that my friend was sticking his head out the driver\u2019s side window, and I was looking straight up at the dashboard.  It slowly passed us, or we passed it; whatever happened, it was behind us.  Not much farther down the road we spotted the trees straight ahead that marked the end of the road.  The road split off to the right side, and I think to the left as well.  I remember the right side more clearly for some reason.  There was an empty guardhouse to the right of a small 2-lane road, which had 2 or 3 large yellow-painted pylons staggered along the lanes to keep anyone from flying through.  I\u2019d swear I remember a sign to the right side of that road, on the side of the guardhouse, which declared it as an Army something-or-another.  It didn\u2019t seem strange to me at the time, but my searching indicates no army bases in the area.  Not even abandoned ones, which would explain the empty guardhouse. Well, we turned the truck around and started heading back, about 30-40 seconds after passing the aircraft.  The aircraft was gone.  Just like that.  We heard no sound that indicated any type of engine speeding up, or any aerodynamic noise, or anything.  It was just gone. We talked about it as we drove back to our Navy base.  We figured it was some sort of experimental military craft.  All the branches of the military were represented in Charleston, except for the Army, as far as we could tell\u2026 except for that sign that I still remember seeing.  We joked that we\u2019d probably be assassinated in our sleep by the CIA for seeing something we weren\u2019t supposed to.  It still doesn\u2019t make sense to me why they would fly such a craft over a populated area we were in.  Admitted the exact place was a thick forest, civilization wasn\u2019t very far away. That had remained sitting in the back of my mind \u2013 the time I saw that crazy experimental military aircraft \u2013 until I read that article today.  It didn\u2019t make sense to me.  The picture I see there looks just like what I saw, through from a lot farther away, but it\u2019s in the UK.  Why would experimental US military aircraft be flown in across the ocean?  They could be participating in it, but that doesn\u2019t make sense.  It\u2019s the American policy to share our old technologies, not our new ones.  Not to mention, the searchlight?  What was that?  With such advanced technology, it seems like a pretty archaic means of trying to find things at night, and not a very stealthy one.  I don\u2019t think we even use beams of light any more for weapons targeting, and we\u2019ve got much better ways of communications than using lights.  Makes no sense to me, but it was there.  Oh, and unlike those stories, it was definitely a clear, white light, like the 3 at the corners, except that it was a directed beam as opposed to a simple light.  It definitely wasn\u2019t red. I place this event as taking less than four minutes, though I can't really tell for sure.  It's not like I was counting the time on my watch.  My best guess was it was 1:30am. Well, that\u2019s all the story I have.  I\u2019m no UFO expert, or even a military aircraft expert, but I know what I saw wasn\u2019t anything the government will admit to having at their disposal. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Light on top left of moon, followed by white lights and jets As I was driving up to my sister's house, I noticed  the young moon was visible on the rest of the surface, so when my girlfriend and I arrived, we went to go look from the yard.   Suddenly we were amazed to find a flashing light to the upper left of the moon.  I am not talking about Venus to the lower right. We stared at this light flash red, white, then seem to flare a beam off either at or directly away from the moon, occasionally going out for a second at a time. After about 10 minutes of this we noticed a few jets flying excessively fast, and extremely loud. These were not commercial, and had strange/irrelevant flashing patterns. We watched them cross our visible sky within a minute and one in particular changed directions 3 times . Due north, due east, then due west. Right after this we saw several strange objects, planes or otherwise, all heading due north.  We started looking to the south and saw two, non-blinking perfectly white circles. Going in straight lines, then vanishing. One went north east, and the first went north north-east."
"Triangular craft - Winchester TN At approx 19:18 , my husband and I were sitting outside on our deck in the back yard talking when all of a sudden we were interrupted by what my husband was seeing.  He questioning me and pointing upward in the sky asked.. \"what in the world is THAT?\"  I looked up to see a triangular craft flying overhead   It had five dim whitish lights on it. It was traveling in a SE direction at a VERY high rate of speed at a pretty low elevation.  I witnessed this event approx 5 seconds before the trees obscured my view.  My husband saw more detail than I re the lights - he saw it a few seconds longer , and will be sending you a sketch."
"Floting object brighter than plane/star no noise, didn't move until I found it with my spotting scope.  Roughly 1/3 mile away from me. Was hovering over houses about 700-900ft, about 1/3 mile away from me, brighter than any aircraft light, or star, it made no noise.  Around where i live, you can here a plane or helicopere coming from a mile or 2 away.   It did not start to move until i pulled a spotting scope out and started looking at it, then it went to the right and disappeared in about 3 seconds."
"flashy lights that stops in the sky and changes directions very distinctly. I go jogging basically everynight for two hours, around 7 o'clock always. Right when it start getting dark i see flashing lights.  The lights flash on and off repeatedly. Its been following me for the past 5 nights. I called my friend to see if she saw what i saw, she stepped outside and she describe everything that i was seeing.  The weird thing is, is that when i called her the flashing light was moving to the right and when i told her to step outside it stopped and moved to the left.  I see these lights all the time now, i know for a fact when i go jogging tonight that i will see them again. This is serious and is no joke i don't know what's going on.   The lights are mostly white and flashy, sometimes they are a mix of white and red.  They move slowly and sometimes stops.  I've seen a multiple of 3 in one night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Hovering triangle shape,  bright white light on each corner,  silent,  took off very fast. Daughter and I driving down popular dr and saw triangle shape large object hovering about 20ft above a building.   The triangle object was dark and had one bright white light on each corner and was silent.   We pulled in the next driveway and turned around to get it on camera.   When we turned the car around it just took off super fast in the opposite direction and was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  The party who submitted the report elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact the witness.  PD))"
"Triangle UFO followed by Military Jets Standing in a parking lot late at night with my children.  Craft came from the North and was heading South.  It was more than 500 feet above us and was followed by two American Military Jets.  The craft looked like a bomarang with very bright lights in the front.  It had to have been as least 300 feet across and made the jets look like toys.  Why would our government follow a UFO......are there crafts like that that we have created?"
"Column of flashing white lights I\u2019ve never seen a UFO before but I\u2019ve always wanted too.  I\u2019m a skeptic but a believer.  This incident occurred on my way to work at 0430 between Waunakee, Wi. 53597 and Middleton, Wi. 53562.  As I was driving on county hwy K and heading west between county hwy Q and US hwy 12, I saw a column of lights that resemble the broadcast towers that dot the west side of Madison, Wi. which is adjacent to Middleton.  Initially, I instinctively interpreted this column of flashing lights as one of the broadcast towers off in the distance.  This thought did not follow through in my mind though.  As soon as I focused on the road ahead again I immediately returned my gaze to the lights again.  This was not hard to do for the traffic at 0430 is nonexistent.  I was able to slow my car speed and observe.  What I observed was a tower of flashing white lights not far off in the countryside.  My calculated guess would be about \u00bc - \u00bd mile.  The countryside here is farmland \u2013 dark as night can be.  I always enjoy viewing the stars at this time of morning on my way to work. There are few things that I enjoy better than the night sky.  I must say that after I concluded that what I was seeing was a possible UFO mimicking a TV tower, I burst into laughter at the thought of concealment by looking like a tower of lights.  Beautiful!!  This column continued to move in a westerly direction as I turned toward Middleton on to US hwy 12 heading south.  I didn\u2019t stop to view it any longer as I continued on into work.  Sooo\u2026.it was observed by me for approximately 10 min.  I just recently decided to report this observation because I believe that what I saw was not part of the normal fauna of my path to work.  I also continued to look each morning thereafter at the towers that do exist there and the distance and size they actually are.  They are extremely further away to my sighting and observations.  I didn\u2019t count the number of flashing lights but they were all flashing white.  The height of the light tower I find difficult to estimate but will guess at between 100 -200 yds.  As for closeness to the ground;  It was definitely off the ground.  I will not try to guess. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Red silent light far up in the sky going at a fast pace My mother and I was out doing our nightly walk with our dogs and she called me over to where she was.  She saw what she thought were two stars, but they started getting closer together.  Eventually when I got over there, one of them just took off and I saw the other one which was red in color move at a fast pace along the sky.  We see airplanes come and go often since we aren't that far from Hartsfield/Jackson airport in Atlanta.  We did not hear any noise at all like when regular aircrafts go over.  The red light eventually vanished."
"I was walking to my laundrymat in my apartment and looked directly in the air maybe looking 2 miles away and my attention was instantly drawn to.  A bright glowing orange ball and instantly ran to my apt to get my brother to check this out I had a overwhelming feeling over me like panic yelled at my brother to get his ass off the couch and it took me about 10 secs to get to my apt and by the time.  My brother walked out it was overhead myself 1 mileabove a bright glowingappearedthecolomorningsun for10seconds we witnessesed ittravell about a mile and instantly ear jet aircraft ad a helicopter appeared and the object gradually dissapeared like it had a cloaking device. I don't have video proof but I know there is obvious radar problem if jets were scrambled. I believe I would have diffinitive proofs of advanced technology.  I know I waswnot the only witness. Check radar and flightplans at 8:22 pm and see.  Were you get. I don't havve the means or I would.Cl this out pl! ease.  Whatever I witnessed was overwhelming.  And I instantly had a Denver that I was witnessing a anomaly or something advanced ((nuforc Note:  Date is flawed.  We have assigned the date that we suspect the witness intended.  PD))"
"Riding down the road and weird object flying around road and then creature jumps out on  road. It was around 1:00 am on October, 27 2007.  Me and my friend were riding around looking for something to do.  We were driving around and saw that they had just finished building a new road, so we decided to go down it to check it out.  It was still new and there were no street light\u2019s and it went through a big field, so that when you were in the middle of the road there was nothing around you and the only lights were the lights on your car.  We were at about the middle of the road when a huge brown and tan object, somewhat oval shaped, came flying through the air straight toward us. I slammed on the brakes because it didn\u2019t look like it was going to stop and as soon as I did it did to.  It just sat there hovering about  10 to 15 feet  above my car, me and my friend just sat their stunned not knowing what to do we just stared at it as it floated there.   Then in incredible speed it flew straight up and disappeared.  Me and my friend took off in the car not knowing what to do.  A few feet down the road we stopped and turned around we were scared but we were curious.  This time we went really slow down the road hoping to see whatever it was before it seen us.  We did, it was just floating above the road then it flew straight toward us and stopped right on top of us again it was there for about 10 seconds then it flew away.   Me and my friend looked at each other and I took off I was speeding down the road and all of a sudden a weird looking creature around five ft. tall, with a round shape to it jumped out of the bushes and ran into the road I had to swerve  to miss it, I don\u2019t know where the creature went but I know it couldn\u2019t have been a coyote or a normal animal because it walked on two legs. It also couldn\u2019t have been a person because it was an odd looking brown color and it was naked.  After that we got off that road and went home.  I went back down the road the next night and nothing was there. ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to whether this is a serious report, or not.  Our suspicion is that it is not.  PD))"
"Moving bright white light moving north to south over Calais, VT Extremely pure white light seen traveling South to North.  No sound present.  Approximately 1.5 minutes from initial sighting the light increased intensity approximately 5X for a period of 5 seconds with no observed change in speed"
"Orange-Reddish orbs flying over the sky that seemed like they were on fire. An orange-reddish like orb floated above the sky from South to North over the west sky.  It looked like it was on fire sorta.  Many flew over the sky one after another.  As soon as the 1st one was gone the 2nd one appeared.  I looked for my binoculars and by the time I found them the phenomenon stopped.  Towards the end, a low flying aircraft flew over head towards the orbs."
"Numerous objects (6+) moving in various directions being pursued by military crafts it appeared, nighttime above Scottsdale, AZ. 1450ft above sea level. Viewed from 33\u00b036\u201948\u201d N x 111\u00b052\u201935 W Viewed with a naked eye  Numerous unidentified \u201caircraft\u201d shaped objects above North Scottsdale, Sunday, August 5th, 2018, at 8:48 p.m. The initial object was a solid bright orange, not flashing, then the orange disappeared and was replaced by what appeared to be all dark with a spotlight being adjusted.  This object was moving NE to SW, then changed direction and moved W, it flew at increased and decreased pitch like a greater-than-less-than symbol. Several airplanes appeared shortly after and began flying towards the object, at which point three additional objects that appeared to look like Military Drones, as they were torpedo-shaped but with large bat or seagull shaped wings.  As it was dark outside, I determined shape by looking at the cast of the light.  Eventually a fourth object that was solely a golden Naples-yellow color appeared where previously I had identified Venus as being with the use of the SkyView Application, as if the lights were just turned on, and then the object began traveling quite slowly North to South. All of the objects with the exception of the identifiable aircraft were silent, and no wind sheer could be heard.  The initial object appeared to be around 15,000 feet high, while the other objects appeared to be above the 38,000ft altitude most commercial aircraft fly at. Then at 9:35pm what initially appeared to be a military aircraft, silently jettisoned across the sky very quickly, North to South, before eventually turning and heading East also seen from Scottsdale.  Though initially it appeared to be a military jet with traditional lighting for perhaps a Stealth plane or an F18 Hornet, then the lights suddenly vanished and a golden light overtook the silhouette of the aircraft and instead of traveling East it made a full loop very quickly as if traveling faster than anything I\u2019d ever seen before, at which point a loud guttural sound was heard, perhaps it was an antique military craft, but all observations do not support that theory.  Throughout the totality of the event a plethora of sounds could be heard from airplane, to jet sounds, to sounds similar to motor boats, as well as sounds similar to Electronic music synthesizers. The initial observer and his fianc\u00e9e  are a 34 year old man and a 33 year old woman ,residents of Scottsdale, who is originally from Chicago and recently moved to Arizona in 2017, initially moving to Wickenburg before moving to Scottsdale on 1/118.  The man is a graduate of Columbia College Chicago and has a degree in Art History and has a passion for art, fashion, photography, wildlife, poetry, literature, history, Geology, Lapidary, Nature, and Politics.  The woman studied Pre-Med at Northwestern University Chicago and received an additional degree in Creative Non-fiction from Pitzer College, California, she top shares many of the same interests, and they both work in high fashion retail management. The third observer is an Arizona native, 35 years old, with a history of drug abuse and extensive criminal background, the fourth observer is also an Arizona Native who works in Engineering and Refrigeration, lives in Scottsdale and enjoys off-roading.  He is 39 years of age."
"I was about to go on the interstate on Perry PKWY overpass and a bright green light flashed and then fell to the ground like a flare.  Might have been a flare or a comet.  I'm not sure. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Geminid meteor??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 orange lights in triangle formation w/a red light in the center of the triangle I was talking to my Mom on the phone while I was driving south on I-5 (SW) coming from Fife into Tacoma just passing over 20th S East. When above the freeway over between the Tacoma Dome and McKinley Park area there was an object that had made this sharp turn that looked like an equilateral triangle with 3 orange lights at each tip and another red glowing light on the center. what caught my eye was the sharp turn that it made showing the four lights on the bottom of the craft.  I told my Mom about the craft and she told me it was probably the Stealth flying low, as I had told my Mom that I had seen that flying over by McChord Air Force Base years ago.  I explained to her that the this was much bigger than the Stealth and that the shape was wrong and that when I had seen it at night it was per the News Tribune a test flight to see how the plane would react to our rainy weather up here in Tacoma VS California. Of note the I-5 Highway was damp on the road where t! he cars didn't drive due to rain earlier that evening. I slowed down on the freeway and continued to watch the object as I got closer to the McKinley Park and Tacoma Dome area the object floated over the McKinley Park Hill, and disappeared over the hill.  I thought once I got around the curve to the exit for highway 16 I could see if the flight path was over the freeway going into Joint Base Lewis McChord, the normal flight path for the cargo and jet planes that fly into the base.  In the 3 mins it took to get to the exit there was nothing. No planes in the air, nothing. I ended my call to my Mom when I got home a few mins later.  That weekend I asked our MUFON State Director about what color the lights are on a normal aircraft and he told me.  Since then I have been trying to locate any aircraft with lights like that and I cannot find any"
"Hello,    So on February 13th 2017 I was driving home  by myself from work. I worked in Heber City, Utah.  The road from Heber to Park City, Utah, is rather dark (highway 40) and it's the only way to highway 80.  It was later around 9:20ish and nobody was on the road with me.  I noticed something odd as I was going to go over the bridge from 40 to 80 so, I slowed way down to about 20mph and looked up.   It was very, very low triangular shaped with a greenish white light underneath metal looking and it seemed to be floating.  I had my window down and I did not hear any helicopter noises.  It actually freaked me out.  I grew up around helicopters and airplanes due to my father being in thr airforce and I had never seen anything like that.  There is a military base near my home where I curently live so I wasn't sure what to think.  I came home told my dad about it but he was stumped.  (He still works on airplanes)   I don't think it was a drone bcecause it was rather large.  I don't know why I didn't take a picture, but like I said it freaked me out and I wanted to get away from it.  Thanks for your time."
"Large sphere of light with smaller &quot;probe&quot; My wife and I were in bed during winter of 2015 when, at around 10pm, my son called excited. He said something like \u201cDad! Look out your window and tell me what you see!!\u201d  He was calling from a friend\u2019s home on US 28 perhaps 15 miles away. I got up and looked out the window immediately viewing a large whitish light at about a 45 degree angle to the west. It was large.  At one point I held my arm at length and compared the light to the width of my thumb.  It as slightly wider and I am 6\u2019 4\u201d tall with large hands.  My son said that his friend\u2019s dad and girlfriend had left for a small mountain closer to the object near Marquette.  My son said he and some friends wanted to come to our house to get closer to the object and watch the object.  We are up on a high hill a good 200 feet over the surrounding area.  I have a 3 rd story tower  and went up the stairs to look out to the west. I watched the object while I waited for my son.  It stayed in one spot the entire time. ! Eventually my son and a couple of friends arrived.  One had a pair of binoculars.  They thought it looked not much larger than where they watched it the 15 or so miles back to the East.  The light did nothing.  Eventually my teen daughter eventually came home from work and came up to the tower.  She was immediately shocked by the globe of light. We all watched the light perhaps another hour or so. My wife and step son also joined.  I went outside a couple of times to walk down the driveway and to look and listen.  It was absolutely silent.  It looked like white light but sometimes we thought we could see other colors emitted but, if that was the case, it was very subtle and maybe just an artifact. After watching this thing not move for so long we were suddenly alarmed to realize it was starting to move.  It was very slow and steady moving at about the same height off to the west .  After a few minutes it reached a ridge line approximately two miles away. Here it stopped. My son was watching with the binoculars.  He says excitedly,  \u201cDad...see if you see what I\u2019m seeing\u201d as he handed me the binoculars.  I focused on the object and noticed a very small white globe descending from the larger object and moving down at a perfect trajectory at about 45 degrees to the ground.  At about half way to the tree tops it abruptly turned the opposite direction to the south as it appeared to drop below the trees. Moments later it returned to the main object!  Then the entire object dropped straight down below the back side of the hillside.  We all exclaimed \u201cit gone!\u201d.  But a moment later it came straight back up to about the same height  and began moving to the south where it eventually! disappeared into the distance. People I have told this to say \u201chelicopter\u201d, but there was nothing but silence on a clear starry cold winter night.  And I don\u2019t believe my son could have seen something as small as a helicopter miles away that looked nearly the same side when he arrived at my house.  The small \u201cprobe\u201d that dropped from the main object was the strangest part to me."
"Well Trick or treating with my 2 daughters 13 and 11, I looked up to the sky as I often do.  My eye's fixed on what looked like 3 stars, and I realized they were moving, and they were moving towards us.  The neighborhood that we live in is thickly populated but there were no other people near by at the moment.  We were at the corner of Granite reef and heatherbree in Scottsdale, AZ.  I was looking west, when I first noticed these lgihts(stars),  As they got closer, they must of been part of one craft, because thier movements seemed to be dependent upon each other.  I told the kids to look and they saw it too.  just about as it got over our heads it started turning towards the south, and elevating.  at what seemed like the point were it started elevating it wobbled for a sec or two, and then shot off and up to the south.  I never mentioned it to any one except my wife, and nothing was mentioned on the TV or Radio that I heard of."
"saw three fire ball like circular objects in the sky where planes fly over backyard.  the lights went on then all off  few minutes later all went back on then off.  then two went flying across came back three objects again same spot lights on and off."
"Green and orange lights shooting up into the sky. I was inside my bedroom and I live in an apartment so I looked out my bedroom window and across the street there is another building that is in my apartment complex area and above the roof there was in the distance 5 lights shooting straight up into the sky there were about 2 orange ones and 3 green lights.   I watched it for a while and it didn't appear to move then I went into the living room for a min and heard the snowplow come by my place I looked back outside my bedroom window and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Translucent saucer shaped object with bright Peridot green almost hypnotic bright lights on both ends My daughter and I run team for a large package delivery company.  We pull doubles most often from Texas to California and back every week.  Thursday night around 21:30 hours she was driving and talking to her daughter via Bluetooth when I overheard her say, \u201cWhat the Hell?!?\u201d.  I was in the bunk half awake and I didn\u2019t think anything of it, thinking it was just part of her conversation.  Then she yells back at me \u201cDad!  Get up here! I saw something really weird!  It\u2019s freaking me out!\u201d   I climb forward and she proceeds to describe the events that had just occurred.  First she witnessed a large bright meteor streak across the sky relatively low from North to South perfectly horizontally.  A few minutes later she saw a translucent Peridot green glowing object appearing to be approx 2 school buses length flat or saucer shaped with two extremely bright Peridot green lights on both ends rapidly descend straight down to the ground that appeared to be perhaps only 1/2 to 1 mile distant.  She fully expected to see or hear an explosion but there was none whatsoever.   What\u2019s really strange is she was immediately compelled to head straight towards where the object apparently landed\u2026 And I mean STRAIGHT...as in cutting across the median and the opposite side of I-10.  Fortunately, she resisted the powerful urge.   Two weeks prior while I was driving that same stretch of I-10 East of Tucson and the New Mexico State line our GPS our GPS began inexplicably telling me \u201cI-10 Eastbound is closed...take exit...\u201d at virtually EVERY exit for the next 70-80 miles.  The GPS was trying to direct me North off of I-10 on a \u201cDetour\u201d around the \u201cClosed\u201d Interstate.  There is no \u201cbypass\u201d around I-10 in that area...and I-10 was not closed anywhere across there.  I told my daughter perhaps it was an extraterrestrial \u201cBug-Zapper\u201d...lure you in with irresistibly compelling lights and then \u201cZap\u201d you.  Lol"
"Rare craft changing form ,And shape as well as color, and altitude, Massive size no wind perfect weather  blue skies Finishing, loading my truck while closing my tailgate, I finished my sports drink, and my eyes fixed on what i thought was a blimp but it was going down, faster than normal then my next thought was its a canopy ,parachute sky divercaught inside his chute and spirolling, All these ideas in 4 seconds or so, Just then it stopped in mid air and it started turning sidways and looking more like a drive in movie screen and its occilating like a flag on a pole waves from one end it would roll to the other then i noticed there is no wind at all the next thought i had was a dust devil had picked up a large sheet or tarp i did not take my eye off this object, i did not even blink, then i thought there is no friggin wind!! then it went from a eggshell color to a peach color,This thing is huge!! then the roll slowed down very slow and i could see i could only describe it is like a quilt it had even squars across it perfectly, or this sounds way out but its the best thing! to describe it ,It looked like a number 9 inch cement block retaining wall, but it was  1000 feet up in the sky no wind no sound and its changing before my eyes, I could hear my niehbors garage door open and im yelling mary check this out i glanced over to her garage and looked back and it was long gone!!  a gentle man from canada called me after i submitted a report and interviewed me recorded my expierience and we talked for some time and he asked me if he could replay my expierience to his listeners i said yes and it was very nice to have some one believe what happened!! i stumbled on this website and wanted to share my expierience i would be more than happy to share much more with you folks you can call 858-568-1635 anytime thanks ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"3 yellow-orange fireballs flying in a triangle formation from north to south, then a single one followed. While driving on SR A15 I saw the yellow-orange light in the air. There were 3 of them flying in a triangle formation - very slow,  heading from Northwest to Southeast.   A couple seconds later, a single one appeared and flew the same direction.  This one could be seen almost 1 minute in the sky."
"7 bright white lights streak across the sky in V formation in a matter of seconds. On the evening of May 13, 12:05 a.m., I was gazing up at the sky.  All of a sudden, my eyes were drawn to the south east, and I was very amazed to observe a formation of approximately 7 bright white lights in a V formation.  The lights streaked across the sky to the north east within a matter of seconds, and then winked out."
"I was on YouTube and saw a live stream of the lunar eclipse.  I went to my bathroom window to see if I could view it and saw what looked to be an aircraft on fire. I ran and grabbed my cellphone and started filming. My son came into the bathroom and saw it as well. We then ran outside to film. The moon was overhead and the object that was to the north was gone. Here is a link to the video I captured:  https://youtu.be/6x0YqsvREY0"
"Silver ufo dics observed from Lake Havasu city in broad light. I went out side on a mid afternoon and something caught my eye in the sky in full daylight with not a cloud in the sky at all, lake havasu city is an extremely sunny clear city. I looked over the Lake and I observed a bright gleaming silver disc across the lake and over a place called havasu landing.  It was probably about 25 miles away from me and probably mile up in the sky.  The craft moved at right angles at lightening fast speeds, it would also sit still then instantly appear at least 10 miles across on the other side of the sky as fast as I could bling. I would estimate the craft to be 30 feet in disc shape length and probably 10 feet tall. I went inside to get my roomates and they observed the object with me and it was nothing we have ever seen before.  This area we saw the craft was either over california or nevada near the borders, we are 2 hours from las Vegas.  I observed the craft for easily 30 straight minutes.  I know what I saw is extra or intra dimension technology whether it was ours or not.  It was a classic silver disc."
"11/27/2006 6:47 Moses Lake Wa lasted 3 mins cicler craft with lights vanished when it dimmed out Me and and 4 friends were heading to Big Bend college on the highway from Ephrata to Moses Lake.  I was telling my friend Dave about the book I check out from the library at the college it was the Gulf Breeze sightings.  When out of the corner of my eye to the small town of Straford which is southeast of Moses Lake I saw Two Huge round light and smaller one in and around the cicler craft which was very close the the snow clouds I was not the only one to see this craft ,But my friend also saw the said craft which lasted about three min and then is slowly vanished from our sight by dimming out I belive this was the real deal can you tell me if any-one saw something of the sort or iare my friend and me the only wittness thank you and I'll chech back on this sight letter this month and report any other ufos Ok!!!"
"Black Triangle shaped with bright white lights flying by 95 in Richmond Was driving to Canada from Florida and was near Richmond on 95 when girlfriend though there was a thunderstorm because there were big flash outside.  I didn't mind, but around 30 sec later, I checked to my right and saw a black triangle shaped \"UFO\" with big bright white lights to each corner flying by."
"Orange color . Went straight up and stopped.  i got  ten seconds video on my phone then went to the telescope to look at it.  Daughter in law got about ten minutes on her phone.through the telescope blinking green and white lights.dark background looked saucer shape but could be  wrong on that.never seen a drone around here but how it went straight up that fast is interesting.had to be hundreds of people seeing it I would think because of Fourth of July.  it was not fireworks.southwest Fort Collins by foothills.  someone will post something on this I would think"
"Brightly lit cone shaped object remained hours in same location making no sound. Just at dusk I was heading in from chores. I noticed a very unusual object high in the sky to the southeast of my home. It appeared to be a cone shaped object with bright red, blue and clear lights on it.  It appeared that the lights were blinking or revolving.  The object was stationary as I studied it in relation to the tree limbs. I first told my wife, who came out to observe it as well.  At 18:13 I placed a call to the Camden Co. Sheriff's Dept. and reported it.  A few minutes later, I called a friend from Lebanon, MO.  He went searched the sky, but could not see anything.  He stated he had seen something similar several times from his previous address, appearing to be over the Ft. Leonard Wood Area. I could not locate my field glasses to get a better look.  However, I took my rifle out and viewed  it through the scope.  Even at the distance it was away from me, the shape appeared to be cone shaped.  This way of viewing, it appeared to be spinning slowly, making the multi-colored lights appear to be blinking.  I did not hear any sound, even though I heard several jets pass by while viewing it. I returned outside at 21:00, observing it was still in the same place and still looks the same.  I hope others observed this and can explain what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius, we suspect??  PD))"
"Silent propulsion, chevron shaped, flying low overhead. Standing on the back deck of my parents house at 3am for a cigarette, so still and quiet, only the sound of Niagara Falls in the distance, the sky went black, the craft was silent, flying so low it blacked out the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated by witness may be approximate.  PD))"
"Four lights moved in unison, east to west, sliding across the night sky like a water bug and accelerating to simply vanish. Approximately 10:00 PM on November 23, 2012 in Warwick, NY. I went outside to get something from my car.  I looked up at the sky and noticed that it was very clear and there were a lot of stars.  I was in the driveway facing the east, looking up at the area of the sky not too far above the horizon.  My eyes scanned over two bright stars and I noticed 4 small white lights-like a dim cluster- between the stars.  I scanned over it quickly and in the split seconds after my eyes passed over the 4 small lights it registered in my mind that the cluster appeared to be moving and that it must be a plane since I was looking towards New York City and there was always air traffic above Warwick(I don't live there, I was visiting there).  Those thoughts took place in about 1 or 2 seconds as I returned my focus to the 4 lights.  The lights were moving in unison as part of a single object. Initially they appeared to be a square but they rotated slightly as they moved over my head across the sky so as to look more like a diamond shape. At the moment I focused my eyes on the lights they moved quickly, \u2018out\u2019 from between the two bright stars-headed west, directly over my head at such an astonishing speed and in a way that reminded me of a water bug sliding/skimming across water.  The 4 lights increased their speed as they sped up across the sky and moved mostly in a straight line but \u2018slid\u2019 a bit off the straight line course so there were slight curves in its course and that is what made me think of a water bug.  As it moved it dawned on me that no aircraft I know of could accelerate with such speed and at the point I was thinking that, it accelerated more and simply disappeared-blip, gone!  That entire sighting lasted no more than 10 or 15 seconds from the point when I looked up, noticed the moving lights and then watched them zip over my head and vanish.  My eyes were trained on them the whole time they moved and my head followed them easily as they went overhead.  The lights moved in unison and fluidly, like it was sliding rather than flying.  I also had the sense that the thing \u2018reacted\u2019 to me seeing it, like it had been 'spotted,\" largely because it happened so fast and it zipped away the moment that I focused my eyes on it. It happened so fast and I stood out there for a few minutes considering what just happened and wondering if my eyes had played a trick on me. I focused on other objects to see if anything atmospheric (cold night air on my eyeballs making them water?) might make them \u2018appear\u2019 to move.  It did not happen with any other object. I looked around for other moving objects and I saw a jet and noticed that its lights were not at all like what I had seen.  I went inside and told my family and then went on-line to investigate what the stars were where I first noticed the object.  They were two bright stars that make up the center portion of Orion."
"It was cylinder shaped and had lights all around it. The two crafts were flying in circles over a corn feild about four in a half mile from my current residence, All of my budy's whitnessed it as well they were right there with me and when I went in to get the video camara and I came back out they were completely gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"a rectangle object in the sky blinking on and off and changing from purple to red we saw a rectangle shaped object that was first purple then changed to red and blinked on and off changing colors first it was heading south then changed directions and headed north it lasted about 10-15 min."
"amber fireball descending,splits into 3 objects,stops,they hover above ground with erratic movements My son,wife and i were getting out of our car and my son suddenly is pointing to the sky and saying \"look a meteor\".  In the northeast sky from our vantage point looking at about a 50-60 degree angle up we witnessed a fireball entering our atmosphere at a fast rate of speed.It was an amber/orange color and had a contrail that was a whitish color.  What happened next was amazing!   The ball of light,as it was descending, split into two balls of light and then three.  The objects slowed down as they got closer to the ground,then stopped!  They completely disappeared for about three seconds and then reappeared in the same location.   The objects were about the size of large jets to comparison,as CVG airport is a few miles away and we are familiar with their size in the nite sky.  The 3 objects then began to move up,down,left,right just hovering maybe at an altitude of a mile or so off the ground.  We watched them for about 5 minutes make these strange movements in a fairly close proximity to each other, and then they slowly drifted to the east or northeast and went out of our view."
"Beautiful silver-colored flying saucer about the size of a round 18 wheeler with turquoise lights around perimeter seen.clearly in '97. I was coming from a clinic where I got an x ray of my sternum which showed a damaged lung.  Looking for decent air and water, I wound up at about the end of Wilcrest across highway 6? unless it was 8. I sat awhile facing east I think at a little dead end.  Suddenly I saw one flying disk about the size of an 18 wheeler, but round, glide across my field of vision.  I think it was going north to south.  I didn't hear anything but suddenly there was moisture on my face and I couldn't breathe.  So I opened my window so I could.  There were also miniature \"star balls\" on the ground and one full sized, I think, overhead.  I thought, \"I knew there was something like this.\" I thought I'd been ((sprayed)) on by the frightened star ball.  Don't know.   I left before the disk was out of sight.  I was afraid I would pass out from the sternum-lung pain and left.  Also, I am on a mental disability and I thought if I try to tell anhhhhhhhyone about this, they'll call me crazy and hurt me more.   I went home and went to bed in pain.  I don't know what time it was. It was before I could fall asleep.  The bedroom had windows with transparent curtains and I saw probably a camera with a turquoise light I could see at about the height of a man.  [The disk had a circle of turquoise lights around it's perimeter.]  I don't remember it rotating or anything.  Just gliding.  I think it was friendly but not sure.   I suspected later, this disk was back engineered from whatever happened at Roswell. ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"small red rectangle in texas It was about 11pm on a saturday night in november.  I live on the second floor of a two story appartment.  I had to smoke a cigarette, so I went to the balcony.  It was november in texas, so the wind was blowing pretty hard.  My balcony faces a large open area where the appartment swimming pool is located.   As I was lighting my cigarette, I noticed something coming from over the building on my right.  It was only about three or four feet wide and rectangular, almost a perfect square.  It had a dull red appearance.  It moved by me pretty fast only about twenty or so feet in front of me.  It looked like it came from over the building, it dipped down in front of me, and started rising pretty fast.   Normally, on a windy texas night i wouldn't have thought much about that, but it moved in a straight line, and was definately three dimensional.   As i mentioned before, it was moving pretty fast and flew by me as i was lighting my cig.  I kept watching it and it changed direction and started going skyward, again it was moving in a completly straight line.  Only once it got some altitude and some distance did it start to get a white glow to it, and i was able to follow it in the sky for quite awhile, definatly longer than i should have for an object of that size.   By this time i was trying to figure out what in Heavens name this thing was.  It couldn't have been paper, since in the wind paper wouldn't have kept its shape, and plus it was a complete square.  It couldn't have been a box, since the wind wasn't THAT strong, and again it would have been knocked around instead of moving in a straight line.  Plus, boxes don't glow.   As i mentioned before, i followed it for quite awhile, i smoked the majority of my cigarette watching it, and then it just dissappeared.   I noticed a plane was in the sky on an intercept course to the object, and when it dissapeared, the plane changed course.   I live near an Air Force base and i wonder if the plane was a military plane. If anyone has had a similar experiance, I would like to hear about, partly just to confirm my sanity. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Mysterious \"flood lights\" spotted in sky As I was driving home from work I was on route 9A heading north.   As I came around the bend by the movie theater I looked up through my windshield into the sky and at around a 50-60 degree angle I saw 1 object that had 6 bright white lights moving in synchronization as if they were part of an aircraft.  The lights had space in between them but smaller than the actual lights.  The UFO was in an I shape going up and down.  The object went down towards the earth and then behind clouds, vanishing after without a sign.  The object appeared to be as long as the moon but it was also approximately 1-2 miles away in the sky.  The lights were very bright, they looked like flood lights from 50 feet away. I pulled over to use my iPhone 4s compass to determine the direction of the lights and they were 35 degrees NE and my location was 41\u2022 5'52\" N, 73\u2022 48'33\" W."
"green line of light seen over halifax  for hours for the past 3 weeks we have seen on cirtain nights a long green shaped line seems very high up we have seen it for the past 2 nights i a row and it stays in the air without movment for hours it geats bigger and smaller in length but it deffinetly somthing strange and unexplained we have seen it with at least 5 or more ppl and have had friends in other areas of halifax who have also seen it please get back to me if u have seen this thanks."
"From our bedroom window  a light shooting across the sky cought  my husband's eye. it stopped under the big dipper group of stars and is mkaing random movements in all directioins. sometimes it seems to get brighter and then dimmer. it hasn't left our sight yet, it's still active at 11:21 pm it looks just like a star in the sky-except its moving all around. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"One dim white light followed by a much brighter silvery 'ball' of light, moving at first slowly, almost directly above and in parallel. The following light became very bright for a few seconds and slowed; then both dimmed and 'accelerated' away at a variable rate. Both dimmed out of sight (above) after 3 minutes. The lights were very strange and in no way resembled aircraft in their appearance or movement."
"TRIANGULAR FLY BY AGAIN... 3 WHITE FLASHING LIGHTS ONE PULSING RED LIGHT June 12 2009 12:47 am PST  I was outside watching the sky because of recent sightings when an object I initially thought to be an airplane entered my view from above a treetop. I wanted to take video of it to compare to my last sighting of a triangular object so I began to film it with my SONY HI8 Handi Cam model CCD-TRV65. This object had the identical light pattern as before. 3 dim white lights, one on each 'tip' and a pulsing white light and a pulsing red light. There is one significant difference between this sighting and the others. This time I heard what sounded like jet engines. This object flew at the same slow pace across the sky from West to East as the last one. I have about 3 minutes of video of this sighting and the weird thing is that once it moved closer to the Eastern Horizon it seemed to 'hover' because there was a point where the lights should have been disappearing but they didn't. I dont know how to transfer HI8 video to a PC but I will upload the video ASAP."
"shinning circle with rings Driving on the bridge in New Hope, Pa., decided to take a picture of the water.  Once I got home I looked through all the pictures I took that day and noticed the one with the water , at the top left corner was a shining circle and seemed like a cloud on it.  My phone is an iPhone 7 so when you take a picture you get about 5 seconds of video.  I zoomed in and held the screen down and it was moving around with rings around the circle.  This was at 10:03 am. ((NUFORC Note:  We have yet to see the photos.  Possible lens flares??  PD))"
"About 1:30am, I joking told some friends we were gona go to a meditation spot I knew of to try to make contact with aliens.. when we were loading into the car we are a bright green and white flash.  (Within a few milk seconds) my first thought was, ooh a shooting star, but it's green, of course mid thought before I could speak it changed direction loops around in a circle and crashes straight down.  It's 15 miles north of Omaha city limits past HW 75.  We got to see it and snap pictures for all of about 6 minutes after we found where it crashed before military personal from Offuett FAB showed up and told us that it was a federal investigation and we had to leave.  (We were going to try to get a piece of it bit knowing what it was but it was metallic much metal with green and white glow, and it crashed into a 60 year radius hollle in the ground and it was way to hit to approach.  There is no spot for pics on this site, the shape of it looked melted but partially like a pyramid facing up and another pyramid facing down into the same shape and and oval piece of molten iron or uranium or something. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the source of the report and he sounded to us to be sincere.  However, we have attempted to contact him again, and he does not return telephone messages.  We suspect that the report is a hoax.  PD))"
"2 light-Grey disc's. Over East Mesa.  No sound, no lights. Very fast. Saw two light-Grey reflective disc's, over red mountain 202 freeway area.  Heading North to South. Side by side.  Absolutely no sound. Very fast."
"I'm in an empty lot near 96 & joy road in Detroit, Michigan.  Looking up at the sky, I've saw 3 lights clearly as bright as planes flying in the sky.   Lighting fast going up down left right and crossing paths.  This has been happening for 20 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Unusual star-like object with light beams. The object with the naked eye was star-like with emitting beams.   Once we looked at it with the telescope it was a grey orb totally circular. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Moving in a South to North direction we observed what we believed were balloons,  then maybe drones, were 5 black square flying objects high in the sky moving quickly and evenly spaced.  Was not reflective, but slightly rotated as they traveled."
"Three objects.  One looked very bluish colored, but changinging in color too. I was driving along the road and seen it pass by a star, so i pulled over.  I was with my friend Chels and she seen it too.  A nearby tree was blocking some view of the sky, but then another object came from the blocked area and into view. It was more Orangish in color. it moved and hovered.   They all did for a long time before they were out of sight. I was on the phone telling my friend in Terre Haute about it and he got his mom to look outside too.  They could see it better than me.  All i know is i posted a report about something just like this a year ago, and the same month. which is odd, this site listed it as a student report, or a hoax. believe me..... Im not kidding. I know what i saw."
"Round large object on Hwy 82 in Carroll County One night, my cousin, sister and myself were on Hwy 82 between Carrollton and Greenwood when ahead of us, not even a quarter of a mile we saw this light hovering over the trees right beside the highway (which means part of the object was over the highway also). As we moved closer to the object we could not believe what we were seeing, I immediatlly asked my cousin and sister \"are you guys seeing what I'm seeing\" just to make sure I wasn't going crazy. They both were so shocked all they could do was nod their heads. We then passed directly under this object, and by now I have my head out of the window like a dog looking straight up at it this THING.  Because it was at night I couldn't tell what color it was but you could make out the shape of the object which was round and huge. Once we passed under it, I noticed it had 3 sets of lights in the shape of a circle, One set was clear, the other set was like some weired pinkish-red and the other was like a blue-green color. I also noticed as I had my head out of the window that I didn't hear a sound nor feel any wind blowing us. As we past beneath it to the other side, I took my head out of the window to look out of the back window and the object was gone, no where to be seen. I knew that was odd because we were on top of a hill and were able to see for miles and miles around, but the object had disappeared. I asked my cousin to turn around, his exact words were \"h_ _ l no, are you insane\". We went on to our destination and have never discussed what we seen since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Craft moved from West to East across South Chandler sky. I was driving home from the grocery store at 9 pm on 24 Oct 2013, and turned southbound on Coronado Street.  I looked up towards the southern sky and saw a craft. The craft was almost saucer-shaped and had 2 to 3 dozen lights on it (in circular patterns starting from the middle outwards).  The lights were different colors (which is what caught my eye in the first place).  They were red, yellow, and blue; mostly yellow, though.  The craft was of a grey color (it did not match the black of the evening sky). I stopped the car because I couldn\u2019t believe what I was seeing.  While parked, I watched as the craft moved West to East.  It was rather slow, but in total, I only saw it for twenty or thirty seconds.  I could not take pictures, as it was too dim to show up on my phone camera."
"Multiple Spheres dancing in the sky over Modesto, California I have always been a UFO skeptic, yet, at the same time,all of my life I have always wanted to see something for myself in order to beleive.  Today, I finally realized that what I have always wanted to beleive is actually true.  My experience is plain and simple.  I was visiting my sister in Modesto, California.  My neices kept bugging me to take them out to the back yard where they have a swing set.  As I walked out, I saw to jets going by to the Northwest skies above the city.  I normally dont stop and stare at passing planes or jets, but this time I did.  As I saw these to jets criss cross each other at different altitudes of course, I stared at the contrails they left behind, when suddenly, to my amazement and out of nowhere, in the vicinity of approximately where these jets were going by, I focused my vision as best i could to this area of the sky because I noticed something strange.  At first, I thought it may have been some high flying birds but to my incredible amazement, I stared and focused my eyes as much as I could and clearly what my eyes saw was without mistake 5 spherical objects doing some kind of what I will call a dance in the sky.  These objects seemed grey in color and at times seemed to have a metalic shine to them.  They moved in a strange pattern, one in which I don have the words to explain. As I stared at the objects, without removing my eyes off of them, I yelled at my neice to call my sister, at the time, my sister had a call and was not able to get to where I was on time.  By the time she did step out to see what I was yelling about, just as suddenly as these spheres(for lack of better terms) appeared, they dissappeared from the sky.  I dont know what else to say or to write, but now, finally, I can relate to the thousands of people who see strange things in the sky, yet feel so alone with their experience, that they rather just keep it to themselves and go on with life as if nothing happened.  I stand before my God, who is my only witness of what I experience! d today, that what i have written here is the truth.  I dont know whats going on, or why, but something is going on in the skies above us.  We need to pay more attention to the sky, thats a lesson I learned today.  This is what I experienced today, and its funny, but its really all I have to say and share with all of you.  Thanks for providing me the opportunity to share my sighting with the rest of the world.  God Bless."
"whoosh sound doppler the sound of plane propeller, prompted turn to north, object uncloaked, traveled east cloaked to dissapear walking south in neighborhood heard a propeller plane and after spotting the plane i heard a whoosh, and the sound of the propeller Doppler off of the whoosh sound which prompted me to turn around to my northwest and the object uncloaked to let me see it and then traveled east in a beautiful motion traveled a little faster then cloaked to disappear."
"Yellowish with red lights Me and the 2 witnesses were driving on Milton Place in Cumberland.  The observation was yellowish with some red lights.  When the flying objects were flying clear into the sky that it vanished into the sky."
"Watching the air traffic off my porch in the dark of night, I suddenly saw a trail of 3 bright orange lights in a streamlined pattern moving from north to south (only a few inches of sight).  Then the lights disappeared, and re showed on the same path on 10 seconds later, the same three bright orange lines in row similar to a lane markings on a highway.  Then never showed again\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"4 unidentified flying objects seen by a couple. I'm 18 years old, my boyfriend is 22. Every night we go outside to play hackey sack.  Tonight, this is what we heard & saw.  It started with a rumbling, sounded like a plane coming over our house, we live beside a military base, we looked up. An odd shaped flying object went over our heads. It was very low to the ground for any aircraft. It had 4 lights; a red light in the front, green, blue, and yellow lights on the back of it in a row. WE watched it go a few blocks behind our house and stop. It hovered for quite a bit...it probably still is. While we were staring at it I took a video.  Two more flying obects came behind us. We turned around when we heard the rumbling again.  They went in opposite directions diagonally. We saw a brown object come flying below the unidentified \"aircraft\" in a shooting star-like motion and disappear.  The one to our left went a few blocks, same distance as the first, turned 90 degrees, lowered behind the treeline and hovered. We c! ould see the lights flickering through the branches. The other to our right kept going quite a distance and turned left towards the other two then disappeared. After a couple of minutes, we heard the rumbling...AGAIN. I ran to the top of the stairs on our deck and only saw what I thought was an airplane. But, as it went on...it quickly turned it's nose up to the sky and SHOT UPWARDS. This one only had a red light. Possibly the same shape."
"UFO sighting Sweden Ume\u00e5   Hello  I am a 32 year old male from Sweden and i am sorry for my bad English/typos. I have seen a UFO 2 times now in my life. I am sure nobody will believe my story, but i have to tell it anyway. I do not care about getting famous or gaining anything from this. People have to know what i saw. NO i do not use drugs,i was not drunk, and i normally don\u00b4t belive in ghost ,UFOs or God(even if my mother is a priest). I have to see things before i belive in it.  First time i saw a UFO was when i was 15 years old and was walking home around 22:00 pm. I started to feel that it was strange that no street lights was on,no cars,no people, no lights in the windows, even the Gas station was dark. Normally at this time here in Ume\u00e5 the area is full of life. but not tonight..i was totally alone, it was like time itself stopt, or i walked into some sort of twilight zone. I cant realy explain it any better. I look up into the sky and i saw this Disk come down from the sky(it was not in a straight line) more like it made a turn towards me and then it came down lower and lower towards me and then hovering ontop of me. If i had a snowball in my hand i would be able to throw it at the UFO, thats how close to it i was.  i just stood there looking at it like i was frozen or something.. i was not scared or anything but i could not move. it had lights under it and it did not make any sound what so ever. All i can say is that it was deffinitly NOT made by humans, the technology is way past anything we could dream about. it was gray/black/silver color. And someone was sitting inside it. I am not sure what they did but they returned exactly the same way they came down from..exactly! the same path down and up, the same curve. it had soft acceleration in beginning a few hundred meters and then it jumped lightspeed or something into the sky and dissapered. I have no idea if they abdukted me or something but i have had a strange electric place in my neck were dust seem to be drawn to. and for some reason i always BIP when i go thrue airport security and they cant understand why..and no i did not tell them about a crazy UFO story...because then they would not let me on the plane..thinking i am a crazy person.  The 2:e disk was seen this morning at around 01:35 am in the same city but different part of the city. I was out walking home from a friends house (10 min from my apartment) and i feel a pain in my neck, i see this BIG UFO above me, same theme,shape,color,lights,no sound. same feeling of time stop.no lights on outside, no lights on inside apartments or houses. no people ,no cars. Then i see the UFO fly away again. i have no memory of abduktion or getting beamed up or down or anything like that. why is this hapening to me? Today i feel strange, i am so hott in temperature, i dont feel sick, its ..something else. yes its a hot sommerday outside but i am still super hott after a cold shower. i have ice cube bags on me and temperature is 40 C. And dust seem to fly towards my neck. i think some shit is in there also. like a metall tiny thing.  I cant stop thinking ..its like my head is filled with stuff/thoughts i cant controll, it keeps repeting over and over. its like a message that saying there is a war amongst the alien races and we happen to be in the middle of it or close to the front lines or something like that. But we humans are no threat to anyone because of our low technology. i guess they see us as a bunch of retarded children busy blowing each other up.  I dont do drugs and i never have, i am not drunk, i am a normal guy. i am not crazy but i feel i am about to go crazy soon.  I would like people to know this story, i would like to be x-rayed and checked for metall stuff, i would like to be hypnotized to remember everything i saw, and yes i am ok with getting hocked up to a lie detektor. I am telling the truth here. !  I have to stop typing now because i am burning up.  !"
"4 yellow lights, aligned in a crescent shape appeared, then disappeared. At 7:51 pm,I was driving Northwest on Hwy 60 to Wickenburg from Phoenix, and my 11 year old daughter, and 8 year old step-daughter, and myself saw what seemed to come out of nowhere, 2 yellow lights, perfectly spaced, that looked like it was making a turn in the sky. They lasted about 10-15 seconds, then just disappeared. There weren't any clouds in the sky that it could have gone behind, it was just gone. We continued to search the sky for it, but were unable to find it again. Then at 7:53, 3 lights, perfectly aligned in a crescent shape lit up again, maybe for 3 seconds, then a forth one lit up, in alignment. They stayed there for probably 10 seconds ( long enough for me to stop in the middle of the highway). Then as fast as they were there, they disappeared. Again, for the next 10 minutes, we searched the sky, but couldn't find anything. I am sure that the first object was a single one, because of the way the lights moved together, but I am unsure if the second one was one complete, or four seperate ones."
"3 Circle Earlville Shape object about 4,000 feet look to be about possibly 50 miles away.   The craft Harvard (hovered??)) in mid air and would change places slowly not rapidly back in (and??)) forth.  1 got very very bright they all look to be reddish in color, but seem to change at times. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness corrects time to 1824 hrs., an evening sighting.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD))"
"Fireball floating in sky My husband and I were in our back yard at 9:30 this evening when I noticed a large orange sphere in the sky. It was moving slowly from north to south.  Then took a slight turn southeast. It looked like a glowing fireball.  We called our son and his girlfriend out to see it also.  It eventually flickered out. It moved very slowly and seemed low."
"we dont know if they where space crafts or not. htye where to high up. two of them would head strait for eachother then suddenly break off. they where to high up so we couldnt see the shape. they could have been stunt plains for all we know.it wasnt just me who saw them so i know they where there. like i said they where to high up so we dont know if they where space crafts or people in stunt plains. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large, silent, triangular craft. I had taken my daughters, ages 7 and 9, out in to the country to view Venus and Jupiter's alignment, free of light pollution.  We were enjoying our viewing and my oldest daughter asked to go home to get her telescope.  We did, and by the time we got back out there, the view was not quite as good as it had been.  There were a lot of mosquitos, so I told the girls to get back in to the car.  I had set the telescope on my trunk and was trying to get the moon in to focus.  The telescope wasn't of high quality, and I got frustrated that I couldn't maintain decent focus. On our return trip home, my youngest said \"OOH!  Look at those planes!\"  I looked over and saw nothing.  My oldest had similar results.  The youngest said \"Geeze, you guys, they are right there!\".  I leaned over and looked and there were not three planes, but one solid craft approaching us at a relatively slow pace on our right side.  I pulled over and it passed us.  Immediately, I rolled down my windows.  It was dead silent outside, save for the sound of crickets and frogs.  Both girls got kind of freaked out due to the fact that they are no strangers to air shows and know what jets sound like. The object proceeded in a direction that most likely would have led it out between Rochelle and Byron.  It was at most, 700-1000 feet above us, but likely lower than that.  There was a white round light on the front, but most peculiarly, the rear lights were actually oriented to point rearward and were white rectangles, fairly large in size.  They didn't flash per-se, but did increase and decrease in intensity."
"Super large bright light moving at hypervelocity over Toronto My niece and I had just returned from grocery shopping.   As we parked our vehicle in our driveway and stepped out we both noticed an extraordinarily large bright light in the sky just below the cloud ceiling.  The size of the UFO/light in relation to distance in the sky was larger than several passenger airplanes combined. We were facing due south and we looked up \u2013 it was approximately at 120 degrees angle (if 90 degrees is zenith). The light was already moving extremely quick, far faster than any airplane.  The best description of how bright the light was relates to the science experiments done in school when burning magnesium.  This light was not a flare, was consistently bright, did not have a chemical trail and left no sound/wake. As soon as we noticed the single, very large, bright light, it took approximately 1.5 seconds and it moved due south at a high velocity.  Within that 1.5 seconds it had moved from our position we noted to a point in the horizon we could no longer see \u2013 it had in essence disappeared.  The best description of the velocity is similar to watching either star wars or star trek when the ship moves to hyperdrive/warp speed. Yet, there was no sonic boom typical of high velocity aircraft.  The time of the incident was 6:15 pm according to our cell phones. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright stationary pulsating light For the past few days, we have witnessed a light in the sky that varied from extremely bright flashes, to very dim flashes.  It is stationary for a few minutes, and slowly begans movement, and changes direction a few times before disappearing towards the Milky Way area. Aircraft were flying in area, but those are easy to differentiate from this object.."
"strange object noticed in sky, 4 distinct lights, diamond shaped. I noticed an object in the sky when i was out for a walk on Feb 24, 2009, around 9:00pm in Nova Scotia, Canada. i looked up as i was walking down my hill and saw four strange distinct lights in the sky. the 4 lights moved as a whole, proving that it was one UFO and not 4 seperate ones. It moved rather quickly and stopped suddenly and after about 8-10 seconds started moving again until it dissapeared out of sight behind trees. the object was in the shape of a diamond with one light clearly a red colour and the other 3 were white flashing yellow in a rotational cycle. the first 1-3 seconds of the digital video clip show the object before i zoomed in to get a closer look. the shakiness of clip was when the object was moving. it was hard to capture until it stopped. the object made no distinct sound. as showed in the video, the only noise present is the wind from being outdoors."
"6-7 orange fireballs following in formation across sky 9-21-13, about 9:10 pm in north end of Columbus, Ohio, saw two orange fireballs flying side by side, followed by 6-7 fireballs following behind in formation.   Traveling south and banking south east. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Disk shaped craft making a loud and scary noise. I was walking outside talking on my phone and I heard a noise that just sounded off, it made me want to hide.   Then I saw a really big disk shape \u201cthing\u201d that had two extremely bright white lights on its sides and had one red light in the middle. I hid behind a tree and waited for it to pass by because the only thing I felt while looking at it was fear. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded sincere about her sighting report.  PD))"
"White light over San Francisco Bay observed from Downtown Oakland While driving in the south direction of the 880/980 freeway (MacArthur Maze area), I noticed one bright white light in the sky.  The light was southwest of my location, approximately 45 degrees from the horizon.  The light moved down quickly and disappeared in less than a second.  The light was lower than the fog cover.  It moved much much faster than any other air traffic that was in the area. Other aircraft observed were a helicopter and planes landing/taking off from the Oakland Airport.."
"An orange glowing fireball passed overhead just after dark Traveling from a southerly direction to a northerly direction, a bright orange fiery object passed overhead at a high rate of speed, disappearing in less than a minute.  Where I live we have the bright orange street lamps illuminating our streets and parking areas, this was pretty much the same color and intensity except it glowed as an open flame not a light. While watching television, out of the corner of my eye this moving light caught my attention outside my french doors leading to my porch.  To get a better look, I went outside and observed the object traversing about 45 degrees above the horizon in an easterly direction from where I was standing.  The object was flickering as though on fire, the way a flame appears to the eye. While living in Florida I've seen many rocket and shuttle launches from the Cape, the glow emitted looked very similar, but there was not any smoke or exhaust trailing the 'fireball' that I observed as it flew by, also I was unable to hear any sound as a jet, helicopter, or prop aircraft would make."
"Very brilliant white light over northern Delaware, hovering for an hour and then shot upward into space. I woke up around 4:20am because I was having trouble sleeping.  I was in my living room, sleeping near sliding doors and it was a very clear night.  I looked up a star chart just so I wouldn't make a mistake here.  Facing south/southeast, about 30-35 degrees above the horizon, a very bright white light was hovering over the tree line.  It almost looked like the northern star, but was 100 times more brilliant.  The object was far off in the distant, but after observing it for about 20-25 minutes, it made a very slow, controlled movement toward the south (left to right), not by much.  Very very small, slow movements.  The object continued to hover for about 50-60 minutes.  My wife came out of the bedroom, because she claimed she could not sleep either.  She observed it as well, and as a science teacher, she was curious also.  After about an hour, the object took a straight upward, controlled increase in elevation, starting out very slow and then increasing upward at a faster rate of speed, until object lost site into the stratosphere and further upward into what appeared to be outer space.  Object was looked for throughout the early morning hours and the next evening, but was not seen again.  I think it's safe to say this wasn't a weather balloon or meteor; military!  I also might note that there is a local airport with very little traffic nearby, however, this airport also houses military aircraft for soldier transports, usually to and from Iraq.  Furthermore, these aircraft are incapable of going straight upward and also do not have the ability to hover for hours at a time, for all you skeptics. Make your own opinion. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD))"
"Triangle shaped object with 3 blinking bright blue lights over Nampa heading towards Boise. While driving to work on Karcher road I spotted 3 bright blue lights in the shape of a triangle.  The lights were blinking not in unison but one at a time, going from right to left to center.  While watching the object, the blue lights switched from 3 down to 1 blinking blue light.  The object did not appear to be moving at a high speed and was heading towards Boise.  There were no other colored lights on the object- Blue lights only! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"triangular formation of l.e.d.-like blue lights seen in sky over maumee river by large group of people. friends were having a bonfire out on the maumee river (on broadway st. toledo, ohio- very close to the toledo zoo) one noticed a strange triangular formation of electric blue lights which resembled L.E.D lights. the group proceeded to watch as the lights hovered for some time, blinking in some type of pattern, and then moved off into the distance. days later another friend reported that she (jackie), her boyfriend and at least 20 other people on her street had been out the same night, watching the exact same formation. she described the incident entirely before I had even mentioned what the group at the bonfire had seen. a friend of jackie's also reported a few days after the sighting that she a group of her friends had been out in the wilderness near the quarry on lime city road (which is on the other side of the maumee river, in rossford ohio) and encountered what she described as \"an 8 foot tall black, anthropomorphic creature that walked very slowly several feet in front of [her], as if it purposefully wanted to be seen.\""
"Cluster of lights over western Franklin Mountain Range in El Paso Tx, within seconds diamond shaped blue light formation appearing. I am a twenty six year old Army Spc. stationed at Ft. Bliss, TX.  My Fiance is a twenty five year old accountant major studying in her final semester at the University of Texas in El Paso.  My friend is a twenty year old Army Spc. stationed at Ft. Bliss as well.  My fiance and I were at this friends apartment in central El Paso between the hours of 1830 and 0200.   The electricity in El Paso was disrupted due to a vehicle collision with a power transformer approximately around 0015.  Clear skies with stars brightly visible with a low smoggy haze in the south western end of El Paso.  We stepped outside to determine if other neighboring apartments had lost power along with my friends apartment when my friend noticed an unknown number of white/yellow lights traveling across the Franklin Mountain range above the western end of El Paso.  Pointing our attention to the western skies of El Paso, my fiance and he both witnessed the cluster of lights disappearing over the mountain traveling east.  I did not witness the lights due to a highway sign obstructing my exact view.  Not able to see the lights in the western skies I turned my attention directly to the skies above me and on an angle looking towards the east.  I then witnessed four dull blue/white balls of lights in a diamond shape pattern approximately two to three miles above me traveling east to west at an unknown high rate of speed.  The pattern of lights then slowed and came to a stop directly above me.  At that time I grabbed my fiance's arm and pointed directly to the lights above us. She witnessed the formation as well.  The four lights then seemingly holding its pattern turned directly straight to the ground the forward light now at the bottom of the diamond (creating the pattern of an upside down diamond), this all taking maybe two to three seconds. It within seconds of repositioning itself continued moving towards the west at a high rate of speed. As the pattern was heading west, the far left light darted directly out of the formation to a dis! tance ap proximately a half of one mile to the north east and then snapped back into formation within one second. The formation continued to the west until it was no longer visible. My friend did not witness these lights as he was still scanning for the lights that travelled across the Franklin Mountains. Five to ten minutes passed while we continued watching the sky above us as well as the skies above the mountain range. My friend then witnessed and called our attention to a dull dark orange ball that was only noticeable due to the street and parking lights below it. It was approximately the size of a seventy five centimeter exercise ball hovering one hundred yards above the ground, two hundred yards to the west of where we were standing, above a one story building. The ball darted slowly one or two feet to the left, then up one or two feet, then right one or two feet, it then slowly traveled away from us moving west at an very slow speed, possibly three to five miles an hour, until it was no longer visible due to the smoggy haze or beyond the street lights that were illuminating it. We continued watching the sky for an additional ten minutes until retreating back inside the apartment and out of the forty five degree night air."
"Flash, followed by falling teardrop ship, with fading redish trail. Me and my buddy were outside enjoy a cigarette and the night sky.  I turned my head to say something to my buddy whos still looking at the stars and out of no where a BRIGHT light (almost as if lightning/ but not), as if a flash from a camera but a whole lot more powerful, flashed and illuminated all of our surroundings.   I turned to look up and in the sky there was this...trail?? Like when you see a shooting star how it leaves the tiny white line for just a second, BUT this one was reddish-orange (more red than orange) the trail stayed for about 40 seconds then slowly fadded away.   We talked for about an hour about the event my buddy was staring at the sky when it happened and said he saw a \"teardrop like thing start to fall and thats when the flash happened.\"  Now the only difference between our stories is that he says he saw the flash first \"like a flash from a camera, then the red-orange trail\" we both watched the teardrop fall but we beli! eve it fell into the mountains.   Note: goose bumps, the hour we stayed outside two unexplainable events happened a mysterious fog roughly 15 minutes after sighting lasting 5 minutes but covering entire mountain side, and also a neighbor's light, dimming and getting brighter as if loosing power but at 3:23 in the morning????  Unexplainable."
"Plasma ball of fire materializes at exactly same time as thought of  previous UFO sighting I had been visiting with a friend who was staying at hotel very close to Sea World in Orlando.  We had been hanging out by the hotel pool.  My friend took my wife to show her where the restrooms were.  They weren't gone 2 minutes when I looked up at the sky and saw what appeared to be a ball of plasma or fire, yellow-orange in color.   The object seemed to materialize, travel a short distance and then de-materialize 3-4 seconds later.  It appeared to be approximately 1000 ft. high and about 500ft. In front of me to the North above FL-528 (Beachline).  It was moving to slow and low to be a meteor. Estimated size approximately 15-20 ft. In diameter.   Behind the object there seemed to be a disturbance in the atmosphere maybe 30 ft. long, and appeared to have a heat shimmer effect.  I don't believe it was ball lighting because there were no storms in the area and even humidity was relatively low for Orlando, this time of year. An interesting couple of notes to this sighting. This 'ball of plasma?' appeared at the exact moment in which I thought of a UFO sighting witnessed by a friend of mine that occurred in a neighborhood less than 2 miles from this one.   Also, there is a major defense/aerospace contractor located less than 2 miles from my sighting. I will send an image which I pulled off the internet that very closely represents the object that I witnessed."
"1970 disk and 1984/Hilo International Airport, Air National Guard It was a day with bright sunshine in the afternoon in a mostly rural area.  I was ten years of age.  I was outside of a shoe store where my parents were shopping.  There was a young woman that was with me.  We were talking, and the two of us turned to see a hovering disc about one hundred yards away.  There was no mistaking what we were witnessing, and the two of us were enthusiastic about the experience.  There were no other people in the area to my knowledge.  There was no sound that was emanating from the object whatsoever, or other sensory attributes.  The disk was a dark silver in color, and there did not seem to be any portals or windows.  I told the girl that I was with to go into the store and to tell everyone to come out and see this.  After she departed, the disk advanced towards me.  It then stopped completely, hovered for a moment, and then exited the sky to my left in non-ballistic motion.  No one else was witness to the sighting to my knowledge.  The man behind the counter that also might have owned the shoe store groaned at the prospect of feeling compromised to have to explain this to anyone that might inquire of him.  In their generation to have believed in the existence of Unidentified flying Objects was to have a lost contact with reality.  It required so long for me to report this sighting, forty six years, because the relevance of it only became of import recently.  These alien beings knew what I needed to know more than I did.  It required time to respect that process.   Both of my parents were ministers that hailed from prestigious backgrounds at Ivy League institutions.  My father was from Harvard, my mother from Andover Newton Theological Seminary.  They were involved with the psychic, Edgar Cayce, and personally worked with him directly.  My father was the author of several books on the subject of psychic phenomenon at the Association for Research and Enlightenment in Virginia Beach.  In retrospect, after this long of a time I did not give the matter of the sighting much thought. I just considered it to be outside of my comprehension to know how to interpret.  In the month of June in the year 1984, I found myself next to Hilo International Airport in Hawaii in a grass field one night about two weeks after I moved there to Hawaii Island (also known as The Big Island) after being made destitute by my family. There was an event one evening over the airspace of the Air National Guard.  Three dirigibles that were surrounded by what appeared to be a white mist appeared overhead.  The sighting lasted for about five minutes.  It was of interest to me that one of the dirigibles lightly collided with one of the other ones.  At the time I did not make a correlation between the sighting in Vermont, and this attempt to confuse the issue with me about the interpretation of the actual sighting.  To have seen extraterrestrial phenomenon can also draw the animosity from people that have not.  There was a huge display of wealth to shift a control over the purpose for that sighting in 1970 back to the other members of my family.  Apparently I was supposed to attribute all of this commotion to my personal sense of worth.  No one else in my family has seen extraterrestrial phenomenon.  The reason that I made no effort to report that sighting in Hawaii as well should have served as an indication that there were factors involved that precluded a personal initiative.  It just occurred to me over the past few days that I had never once wondered what the alien beings were like in appearance that were in that U.F.O., how many of them there were, where they were from, and the knowledge of specific identity.  If this had been imparted to me by those alien beings in 1970, then the attempt to confuse the issue in 1984 would have been more elaborate in any investigative function.  The most important concept with me right now was the knowledge from those alien beings themselves of the intention for that sighting in 1970:  The answer was that what I do not know means that I cannot be remotely interrogated for it.  These extraterrestrials pointed out an elaborate conspiracy to me in the upper levels of the government to control information access, and what one can expect in resistance to control the interpretation of a sighting in the existing channels of the government databases. In answer to the question as to why I did not report either of the sightings, it was due to my speculation that a number of other people that have seen alien phenomenon with a similar experience that had also been compromised.  I left the matter to these alien beings themselves to coordinate a mediation with those other innocent men and women to determine when the time was right without trying to influence the end result.  The knowledge of the specific identities of these other people is not something that I was trying to ascertain, and was not disclosed to me.  The suggestion that I could have been extended an investigation of these circumstances if I had reported that U.F.O. in 1970 that would have afforded recognition by government intelligence analysts does not take into account that some of these same personnel were responsible for the conspiracy out of a respect for the reputation of the family.  This was reflected in the incident in 1984.  I conformed to what was necessary, and the persecution that I have endured from the lack of professional oversight by the government that could have limited reprisals and exploitation by those with a hidden agenda is rather beside the point as the actuality.  The coverup is immense.  This sighting in 1970 was also recently reported to MUFON (70308). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Two bright fast moving objects seen off the west coast of Puerto Rico The morning of March 25th I awoke at 4:30 am  and left the house to have an early morning breakfast before my  return flight back to New York. I was staying in a house in Rincon,PR along Rt. 115. At about 5:10am I unlocked the gate and crossed the road for a 2 block walk to the bakery only to find it closed till 6:00am. I then returned to the front gate. I happened to look up at this moment and noticed two bright objects  about the size of an aspirin held at arms length moving very fast following one another. The time was 5:20am, I know this because I tried to photograph it with my cell phone. I was facing west looking toward the ocean which was 4 blocks away. They were traveling in an SE direction toward the areas known as Lajas and Cabo Rojo P.R. I watched as they disappeared into some clouds.There was no sound and the sighting lasted about 30-40 seconds. They were flying over water as I viewed them at a 60 degree angle from where I was standing. I was exited because I knew exactly what they were. I live in an area of NY surrounded by  2 airports so I\u2019m very familiar with aircraft lights. Later that morning after 7am as I was getting ready to leave for the airport I was telling my cousin about the sighting. The TV was tuned to a local station (WAPA), someone had managed to videotape the  objects and it was being shown 2 hours later on TV. The interesting part it was filmed on the east coast at 5:22am, that\u2019s over 100 miles away."
"I seen a star that looked bigger/closer and just seemed different.  Different enough to bring two other people with me on the balcony to see what it is.  With using binoculars, we noticed they were blue and red and not moving.   While focusing on one of the objects little fast moving lights would appear.   It seemed to have multiple crafts if they were even crafts."
"Elongated wedge shaped UFO, smooth silver in color, in the daytime. When I was in elementary school, around the 1978-1979 time frame, I was out at recess at school, on the swingset swinging away when I had just stopped swinging and was looking at the sky and the clouds. Almost all of a sudden, this smooth, almost polished silvery object passed silently across the sky. I never pointed towards the sky or called out to anyone (since it was very short, and I felt I would probably be ridiculed to no end) when it happened. It didn't last very long, possibly a minute or so.  There was no portholes or windows on the object, it was completely featureless, with no lights of any sort, and was seemingly completely level during the entire sighting. Never did any acrobatic maneuvers or \"showed off\" or anything like that. Seemingly just darted across the sky just fast enough so I could see and nothing else.  The shape of it, an elongated wedge, is best described as taking a three-sided pyramid and taking one point and stretching it. There's a picture in one of the special issues of UFO Universe (can't recall which one) of a drawing made by a young girl in Israel of her UFO sighting, that had a shape (possibly of the craft itself) that looked just like mine, except hers had lights. The text of the drawing was all done in the Israeli writing, so I am not sure if that's the case.  The object never left a trail, there was no haze about it, no emittance of beams, or anything of the sort. And no noise ever came from the object during the entire sighting. It also remained absolutely level, and performed no acrobatic maneuvers or rose upwards at a very high rate of speed. It also never slowed down, as the speed seemed to be very steady the entire sighting.  No one else talked about it, so I don't know if the other kids saw it or not. I never pointed it out or called anyone's attention to it, preferring to keep it to myself in case I was ridiculed for seeing it. The \"several\" on the witnesses box is only technical, since the other kids were out playing around, but none ever saw the object or said anything about it at the time.  I am also the same one who had the landed UFO sighting with occupant in Gainesville, FL some years later (1990-91 time frame). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  PD))"
"Large silent blimp looking craft, when seen up close appeared to be a silver craft with four orbs, two white and two red Driving South on Marigold at 12th street intersection I spotted a UFO at the end of the road at 20th street. It looked like a blimp hovering and appeared to be very large, approximately 100 feet long. I asked my friend if she saw this as well, and she did.  We proceeded up the street very slowly and stopped at 16th street at the stop sigh. Looking up to the left, the vehicle was silently approaching to the upper left of us. I remained parked and looked closely at the vehicle through an open window. It was silent and moving very slowly but had closed the distance of 4 blocks in seconds. The UFO had 4 orbs equidistant from each other, 2 white and 2 red with a central 'fuselage' which resembled the top half of a football, with an amber strobe along the perimeter of the fuselage pointing in the direction of motion. The white orbs were in the 'front' and 'back' of the vehicle, and the red were on the left and right \"wings\" all exactly equidistant from e! ach other.  The \"Skin\" of the vehicle resembled a silver membrane stretched over the entire vehicle, but not under the vehicle. The four orbs were muffin shaped, like a ball being squished, and the membrane covered the top half, resulting in a muted color 'white' and 'red' the under side of the 'White' orbs appeared bluish in tint. My passenger confirmed seeing all of this as well and we had no explanation.  I dropped her off and returned to the location and the UFO was gone."
"Starlike light, orange lights The following events take place between 18:00-19:50 on February 24th, 2013. I was facing the Northern Skies, the moon was full and the sky was clear. My friend and I were trying to kill time before visiting our mutual friend. We were in the same part of town as her apartment in Marion, IN. We were at a local Dollar General and a Casey\u2019s General Store between sightings. Sighting One: Dollar General, MARION, INDIANA (State Road 15, also known as \u201cthe bypass\u201d) I saw a bright star-like object near the moon moving downward and then it had disappeared. There are many things it could have been such as a satellite or a small space rock falling towards Earth, this I regarded as something ordinary. Sighting Two: Casey\u2019s General Store   I was sitting in my friend\u2019s Jeep while he bought gasoline.  I was downloading \"Sky Maps\" from Google Play on my phone because I wanted to identify a bright space object.  The object I was trying to identify was star-like in appearance, yet not uncommon.  It was most likely a planet or satellite, but still close to Jupiter. A few seconds later, I saw something otherworldly out of the corner of my eye and I stuck my head out of the window of my friend\u2019s Jeep.  When I observed it fully, I was facing it, Northern Skies, the same part of the sky the moon was in and a bit far away from Jupiter.  I saw two orange lights on what seemed like a cigar or disc shape, the object slowly floated to the left of my field of view and had vanished, like it had faded into the sky while still moving slowly in the same direction. Here are the locations where the sightings took place, no names or personal addresses included:  http://tinypic.com/r/30idd0j/6"
"V shaped silent object with 5-6 lights on each arm. Boyfriend and I were outside at 12:10am walking dog.  Looked up to see Orion and saw a chevron/v shape object with 5-6 lights on each side.  Silent and appeared to be at same height birds would fly. Lasted approximately 20 seconds until it became out of sight.  Smooth straight movement.  Lights were soft yellow ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"It was like a cross with angle arms one bright light and red light above it.  It was outside and I saw it, shocked and came inside to grab my phone and when I was pointing at it, it went further into distance but stood near my home.   I went outside to front and as I moved from one end of the house to the other it moved as it if was following me, and I had my mother witness.  There were about 4 around or near my house. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"spotted a large meteor heading west 6:43 Eastern Standard Time Location Dayton VA, 22821   Located an object which looked like a moving star heading west. The object could not have been a satellite because it was moving in a tangentially in respect to the earth. The path lasted about 15 seconds, then dissapeared approximately 20-25 degrees above the western horizon. (Probably due to lack of sun's light reflection"
"Looked up at stars approximately 11:30 p.m. while in backyard with dogs.  Saw yellow-orange ember-like crafts move swiftly in a more or less-straight line right over my roof headed southwest past the row of houses. Moved fairly quickly.  Some grouped together while others trailed behind. At least twice the size of airplane lights at night. I had a close up view.  They were silent.  They kept coming, so I counted 22-plus. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2/15/2007 20:20  NJ quick flash of light across partly cloudy sky 8:20 PM (20:20) on February 15, 2007 New Jersey - driving when a bright white light flashed across the sky--was too fast for an airplane, I think. There is an airport within 2 miles. I got the chills and pulled over. Looked around the sky again, but nothing else. Weather was pretty clear with some scattered clouds ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Strange flickering lights appeared in Merced Co., that appeard to be attatched in groups by threads of light, just before vanishing. My neighbor had been outside with me last night (3/20/15) and as we were smoking our cigarettes.  She was stuck on a star....the only one in the whole sky, and it appeared to change colors.   Then tonight my brother comes knocking shortly after midnight and I happen to look at the sky and saw a crazy round like barrier or out line in the sky being created by the lights.  Each light moved in a slow sway motions, reflecting an almost completely transparent threat like light, which connect them in specified groups.  Each time we heard the strange kind of baritone rumble in the sky only a few would zip full speed ahead and vanquish.   I made an attempt to photograph on laptop but my laptop shut down every time I took it outside. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the time and date above.  We are uncertain as to whether this is intended as a serious-minded report.  Contact information for source is defective.  PD))"
"Fast-moving white light Around 10 PM (22:00 Hours) on either June 22, 23 or 24, 2013, I started looking for the Super moon.  I saw a small steady white light heading on a uniform course away from me in a southeasterly direction.  It had no other lights on it as planes have on their belly, tail or wings.   No features of a structure were apparent.   The light diminished and disappeared after about one minute.   It was silent and moved at about twice the speed of regular jet aircraft.   LAX is about four miles due south of my point of observation.   The light did not head for LAX at any time that I observed it."
"One UFO was sighted  Maught Pya village of Pya Yune  Ga Island, Rakhine state. Ball/umberlla shape.  Making no noice.  3 coloured with brown top, pink middle and red bottom.  Tried to land two times and fly away when villagers approch the ufo. (see  narinjara.com  25/mar/2014) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large bright multicolored twinkling light just above western horizon My family and I observed a large, bright whitish yellow multicolored (red, green, blue) twinkling light slightly above western horizon.   Light was too large for a star or planet.  It was not consistent with any known aircraft.   It hovered in the same spot for about 7 minutes then immediately disappeared."
"Triangle shaped object, 3 white lights, 1 red light in the center, extremely loud and prolonged sound. There was a really loud noise, like a jet but even louder and longer than a jet flying by.  I looked out the window and saw a triangle shaped object with 3 white lights at each of the tips of the triangle, and a blinking red light in the center.  This happened several time from 3 am to about 6 am."
"lights in the sky saw red light, blue lights with a white center that was still in the sky that hoovered.  It took off and suddenly disapeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Satellite performing a sharp 90 degree turn. One night Late 2005 early 2006 I had gone outside my place of employment to a small field next to the building Weyerhaeuser container plant Lithonia Georgia and being an amateur astronomer looked up into the night sky to look at the constellations and frequent satellite passing by.   It was about an hour before the sky started becoming light and I would frequently see satellites passing overhead and would watch them for a few minutes, this particular morning I saw a satellite going from south to north it was of good visability reasonably bright 0-1st magnatude simular in appearence to Saturn, making no sound, a fter observing it for 30 seconds or so the light made a sharp 90 degree turn, no apparent radius, no change in speed, to the east,  I continued to observe the light till it went out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Two lights- no sound- being pursued by large military helicopter at low altidude February 23, 2007 Arlington, Washington  I had gone to my back deck to have a smoke at 8:45 Pm last night. I heard what I thought was a lifeline (hospital), helicopter hovering over the nearby hospital. However the engines were too loud for a smaller search and rescue type helicopter. So my attention was drawn to see what was evidently on a path that would bring it very close to my house. As I looked to see what kind of helicopter it was, suddenly I noticed two bright lights traveling together in a straight path approximately a hundred feet apart. They were moving at least three hundred to four hundred miles an hour approximately a hundred and fifty feet in front of the helicopter. All three aircraft were traveling at only around three hundred feet in altitude. Directly in pursuit of the two lights was a very large, single rotor, obviously military helicopter with all of its flashing lights. The two lights made no noise, and had no other flashing or strobe lights- (proximity lights), just two \"star-like\" lights. I did not realize what I was watching until after the event. The two lights were traveling in a very straight path almost as if they were trying to elude the military helicopter, or possibly the helicopter was escorting them. The whole event only lasted for aproximately 30 seconds. It took three seconds for all aircraft to cross the night sky over my head. I could not make out any shape around each of the two unidentified lights I am not sure what I had just witnessed, but this was very unusual. I have been an Airworthiness Inspector for over twenty years and in aircraft for thirty, and I have never seen anything like this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Giant FireBall streams across the evening sky of Enfield Connecticut, was Hartford responsible, was Mark Twain given a final send -off! Well, let me say living in Enfield and stepping out our front door after news my father was forcing my older brother into the military I exited through the door and sat on the front steps for approximately 2 minutes glaring up at the sky line over the trees facing Hartfort and the river that was well beyond the trees a fireball came rolling across the tops of the treeline going from my left to my right, I thoought the sun had fallen from the sky! It was perfectly rounded with massive fingers of flames exploding from within its core to the surface, at 16 years of age I thought the heavens were reacting to the turmoil I had just escaped from inside the house with the audience my father had just had with my mother, brother and the rest of the family over the demand he join the military tomorrow because of a conflict of issues... what a psychological experience to behold after such a traumatic set of circumstances! I've looked long and hard for others that might have noticed the extremely large fireball in the evening sky, it didn't crash, it made no sound, it maintained its elevation just above the treeline and it left no cloud or stream of debris in its trail. I assume was from west to east, whatever this flaming ball of fire was it has held my imagination ever since. I recall by brother moments just before I stepped outside as he was shining his shoes with a can of Griffin shoe polish for the big day to come at the recruiter's office tomorrow morning... he was just 30 days from turning 17 years of age, a special parental sign-off was required for him to enter the Marine Corp, it was a sad day for me, especially now that he's gone."
"UFO over Gwynn Oak MD My 12 year old son was waiting for his school bus and saw something in the sky with white halo light around it. He said that it was big as a airplane and made no noise. He took a picture of it with his camera phone, but it came out as a white light with a dark circle in the middle. He says that it was about 3 houses from ours (which is VERY CLOSE) and drew a picture of what he actually saw."
"Shiny silver white disk vanishing out of thin air, then reappearing. We were driving home, when all of a sudden my cousin pointed out the window and we both saw this shiny silver white disk slowly moving Across the sky to the right of us and as I pulled out my camera looking away for a second my cousin saw it vanish in thin air and it kept coming back and vanishing for about 3 minutes before we couldn't find it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Disc shaped object, silent, with 2 search light beams, floating through airspace in Minnetonka, Winter or 1976. Decades ago, in the middle of Winter, I believe 1975/76\u2026 my best friend and I experienced a U.F.O. event. It had to be the weekend as I was at my best friends house late, well after dark. We were watching t.v. and when a commercial came on, we decided to walk to the local Tom Thumb convenience store for snacks. The store was near, less than a block away. We left his house and walked around the side to the back of the house, heading toward Minnehaha Creek, which ran behind his house. The creek was frozen, and we chose to cross the creek over a bridge that was behind one of his neighbors house. It was a clear night, no clouds in the sky. The area back then was not overly developed, so there were only a few street lights scattered about, they did little to impede the view of the stars. The stars were bright against a black sky. As we approached the beginning of the bridge, we noticed a light in the woods to our left, or from the North. Without speaking, we stopped on the top of the tiny bridge, to watch the lights. My first thought was that it might be a snowmobile, though I had never seen a snowmobile in the city, it seemed the only logical explanation. Moments later, as the light moved closer to us, it became apparent that the light(s) were coming from above. As they came out from the trees, we could clearly see 2 distinct light beams, like search lights, beaming down from a source we could not see. The light originated from a source that was just above the tree tops, maybe 25 feet max? The lights moved slowly toward us, about the pace of someone jogging. The light crisscrossed slowly and seemed to be following the creek. I pondered whether it was a helicopter, but it made no sound and should have kicked up loose snow and debris. I wondered if it was a hot air balloon, but I never saw a flame, and it seemed unlikely. When it finally passed over us, we could finally  make out some shape, the object, which appeared to be black, with no reflection, cut a shape out of the sky. It blocked out the stars with a crisp circular shape. Though we could not see any details, the shape was undoubtedly circular, disc shaped. Again I stress, it made no sound. At this point the hair on the back of my neck was standing on end, this was clearly nothing conventional, we watched slack jawed as it continued on in a Southerly direction. We watched it slowly move around another cluster of trees and disappear. We hadn\u2019t spoken a word the whole time, but then we turned toward each other, my friend spoke first. \u201cBuddy, we can\u2019t tell anyone we saw this\u201d. Without further discussion, we went on our way. I knew he was right, no adults were ever going to take us seriously. I never spoke about it again for decades. We went down different paths, I lost track of my friend. But when I was a junior in college, coming back from a bar with my girlfriend, we ran into my old friend and his GF. We exchanged phone numbers and went on our ways. I began to wonder if I remembered the events from so long ago accurately, so I finally called him. Not wishing to taint his memory, I did not tell him what I saw first, instead I just asked him one question, \u201cDo you remember that one night?\u201d He then proceeded to describe the same event, in exactly the same details, with only one exception\u2026  He claims we saw the UFO on our way back from the store, I am convinced it was on our way to the store. I consider this minor. The fact that he described the event in exactly the same details, confirms for me, that it was real and my memory is still clear. I reported this to MUFON, and the other 2 events from 2006/2009. They kept the 1976 report, and  the 2006 report, but deleted the 2009 report. In all 3 events, I was not alone."
"My brother and I were driving down Simpson lane tward Marysville.  As we we're looking out to our right tward Beal AFB.  We saw a mushroom cloud.  It appeared to be about 500 feet in the air at the top.  It was glowing with a very large orb of fire.  It looked to us like a atom bomb right before it exploded.  Yet, it did not explode or even move.  It made no sound.   I think we mist have been a half mile from the event.we kept watching it in horror because it looked so deadly!  Nothing ever happened though.  The fire orb just floated silently inside the cloud.  By the time we pulled up and got our friends and went back to the leave to look again.  It was gone without a even a trace.   To this day I cannot find anything on the internet that looks like it except a mushroom cloud from a bomb but not even that!  The cloud came from the ground but wasn't moving at all. The orb was huge!  Like the size of a house at least AND it was on fire!  Please, I am so tired of looking for an answer.  My brother just gave up.  It's killing me.  I need to know!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"2 sighting of UFO over Ford Plant in a week, Being trailed by another aircraft. This is the second UFO I have seen in a week.  It was the same type of craft as before, in the same location, with a few differences. It was between I-265 and the watterson. I was observing it from LaGrange Road, in front of the Kroger, while stopped at a light.  It was again, an equilateral triangle of white lights, surrounding a red flashing light.  There were no other visible lights. This craft was heading right to left from my perspective. It appeared to be flying higher, or farther away, probably 500-750 feet. It was hard to judge because it was night. But this time, there was another craft following it, by my estimates, way to close to be 2 planes. It was closing the entire time until the disappeared behind some trees. The following craft could easily have been a small terrestrial aircraft. There appeared to be 2 other aircraft in the sky, but at a glace, they appeared terrestrial, and my attention was on the seemingly extra-terrestrial aircraft. I am an ! 18 year old college student, with a lifelong interest in aircraft. In High School I graduated with an over 4.0 weighted GPA. I have always been extremely skeptical of UFOs, and am searching for answers."
"Circular lights looping in a circle. Circular lights above or in cloud overcast.  The circular light would appear then loop around in a circle and repeat every 3-5 seconds.   Witnessed on I780 going south near the I680N interchange going towards Fairfield.   I took the I680N ramp and was not able to view anything. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Noticed two bright whitish amber lights above the magnolia neighborhood of Seattle, one light got dimm and suddenly a third light appeared at an equal brightness of the dim light.  The lights did not move and were to high in the sky to be any buildings and were to bright to be any stars and being a resident looking at this same view every day and night I have never seen anything like this before."
"tuesday eve at 945 pm my wife and I witnessed a ufo in the west sky.  bright changed colors then slowly faded and blinked then faded out of sight.it did not move from side to side j  ust held one position then flashed and faded ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"It was late one night heading into town with an friend. We was headed east bound on an average night,going to the store. Couple miles from the nearest town.All of a sudden what i belive to be identified as an black triangle(ufo) was sitting about 50 feet above the tree line. It was triangle in shape,with three red rings glowing red on the bottom of the corners. There was no sound at all..what felt like forever,however it shot off to the south east in seconds. To this day i dont know what it was but always keep an eye in the sky."
"Solitary Red Light in Southern Sky, hovering, moving strangely and suddenly about, then disappearing. Left my house to go to the store and noticed a solitary red light hovering motionless in the southern sky.  Stopped to watch, as I had seen this sort of thing before a few years past on Christmas Eve 2011.   As I watched it moved quickly to the South, stopped, then drifted slowly back to original position.  Moved slowly upwards after a few moments, then quickly down.   It kept moving sporadically and stopping, in the most unusual fashion, then as I turned my head for a moment, disappeared completely.  Just then a helicopter appeared in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"We were waiting for the city fireworks show that evening.  When my friend noticed in the Northeastern sky, three dots that resembled stars moving towards the west in a triangle formation. As we watch them they proceeded to move in there own directions independently. We ruled out everything as planes , or satellite. We determined since the were just small white star like points, they had to have been outside our atmosphere. There were 5 people to whom witness this and all agreed they were UFOs."
"2 craft disappeared into space We were at the south east rim of the canyon, Navajo Point is it's name. I was in total awe of the night sky out there, it is totally amazing, you could easily see \"shooting stars\" and satellites. There I am alone but not far from the others when I hear a loud, \"WHAT THE HELL IS THAT???!!\"  I went over to where it came from, we all gathered there in a line, and there they were in the sky. In the southern sky at about maybe a 50 degree angle were 2 large lights.  A big one following a smaller one.  They appeared as large lights in the sky.  To give an idea of how large they looked, the larger one was like 25 stars put together in size.  They both were bright with a orangish color, the smaller of the 2 had more of a uniform color, whiter.  The larger one had a whiteish center surrounded by an orangish hue.  They moved across the sky from west to east in a slight arc/downward angle. They didn't just move in a line though, the surged and stopped, surged and stopped.  It was very fluid though, the pauses they made were not jerky, the motion was smooth.   They continued across the sky until the smaller one, the one in front appeared to stop moving while the other continued, but it didn't stop.  It started to get smaller, and fainter until it disappeared straight off into space.   Then the other did the same.  We all watched it as it got smaller, and smaller, until finally it was gone.   The entire time I was the only one who spoke, and I repeated the same thing over and over, \"What the @#%$ is that??!!, can anyone tell me what the @#%$ that is??!!\"  none of us had an answer.  Now we're not rocket scientists, but we we're not morons either.  We tried to figure out what it could have been, plane, helicopter, weather balloon (lol) and no matter what rational explanation we came up with, there was always a reason why it couldn't have been that. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary time for an evening sighting.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"a rectangle over fresno california. i was walking back from my gym and a shooting star sparked my eye.  then when the star faded i noticed something blocking out the stars.  i was able to see a REALLY dim orange red light at each four corners and a much bigger one in the middle with the same color but it faded on and of.  i seen it was a rectangle and it was very very huge.  because i was crossing the street at the time a woman in a car was waiting for me to fully walk across.  when i seen her i pointed inda sky and when she seen the object she asked me what i was, and i replied i don't know, a UFO.  then she got on her phone and took off.  when the UFO flew overhead i heard what sounded like vibration.  it was moving slow and you wouldn't see it unless you actually are lookin for sumthin in th sky."
"Green/Yellow Disc object fying around the gulfcoast towards the open water. the object was flying above a elementary school when i notice it. the object seem to stay in put in a spot in the sky with green lights around it and a yellow top.  I notice that it was moving every slow heading south to the beach.  The object seem to be higher then usually flying zone in our area i also notice the movement of the object. It could move in any direction smoothly with out turning quick or wide like planes or helicopters do.  There was no sound from it either it was silent."
"2 bright star like lights moving quickly overheard 2 lights, about 4 to 6 inches apart from eye view, just over the roof of our garage in the eastern sky.  Went over central Illinois regional airport.  I first thought they was stars, but they were brighter than any other star in the sky.  At I thought wow wth stars are those?  But then quickly noticed they were moving.   Ran through the house to see better and they disappeared over the tree line.  Clearly, was no plane, although there were other planes in the vicinity. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Fast moving single light over New Tampa On 3/25/2014 at 11:35pm I was coming home from work and was traveling north on Bruce B Downs Blvd where I had just accelerated from a red light at the intersection of Skipper Rd.  I was traveling on my motorcycle so I had an unobstructed view of the sky.   Almost immediately after  accelerating I noticed a single white/yellowish light come into view in my far left peripheral vision.  At first I assumed it was an approaching aircraft because its color and shape appeared like a standard front mounted aircraft approach light.  I also assumed this because I frequently see aircraft in this area.   I quickly realized this was not a typical aircraft because of the speed at  which it was traveling across the sky.  It was moving in a direction of NW to SE, from my left to my right. It did not have navigational strobe lights or any other lights other than the one.  Compared to typical aircraft I would say it was traveling at mach 2.   It did not change altitude and the intensity of the light stayed constant the whole time, including when I would have been looking at the hypothetical back of the craft.  It maintained a constant direction and speed.  I lifted the clear shield of my helmet expecting to hear a sonic boom or a loud jet engine but heard nothing.  Not knowing the actual size of the craft I estimated its altitude to be at 5,000 to 20,000 ft.  It cleared the whole sky, from tree top to tree top within a matter of seconds.  I lost sight of it in between Gilligan's Way and Cypress Creek."
"I saw a something appear in the sky out of nowhere and shoot off across the sky like a comet that disappeared into clouds rumbling I was on my driveway in the River Road area of Eugene Oregon teaching a martial arts lesson to a private student at night. The object was probably flying overhead around 6:30pm or later but not after 7pm. I saw a flash of light that remained consistent for about 2 seconds then disappeared flying in 1 direction headed into some clouds and disappeared. It did not come out the other end of clouds. It was as if the craft sped up and shot some fire/light out and looked almost like it could have been a close falling star or meteor. I heard a very quiet rumble and it was almost silent. I said \u201cWhat is that?\u201d And my student then looked up and saw it too. She would not have noticed unless I said something. The reason I saw it was because I saw it out of my peripheral vision above as it shot very fast into the clouds. It came from an area of no clouds heading west and flew in a dart of light into some dark clouds and disappeared. I did not see it come out anywhere else. The entire event could not have lasted more than 2 seconds. I think I may have seen a stream of smoke or a trail out like a comet or a jet stream that only started from when I saw the flash until it went into the clouds. I was not sure if the shape was a ball or a dart shape. It may have been a military jet that was silent and doing night flying. I am not sure what it was. It was very fast and before it flash! ed it was completely silent and undetectable by sound or even sight. Like it appeared in the sky and flew fast like a comet and went into a cloud and disappeared. And yes it was way lower than any meteorite but way higher than a typical airplane flies and way faster than any commercial jet flying. I am 37 years old and college educated and a martial arts teacher.  My student is 45 years old and a mother and grandmother and married.  She works as a phlebotomist at a local hospital and is also educated."
"shiny gold colored sphere ~ Hernando County, FL Coming home just now I looked up into the sky (about 2 blocks from my house) while my fiance was driving and I saw a (1) shiny gold colored sphere that was very bright and large just above the tree line. At first I thought maybe it was a headlight from a plane or something, but I quickly realized it was too low and too large. Before I could even say anything to my fiance it completely vanished. No trail, no zip, no nothing. Just vanished. I looked around for about 10 minutes to see if there was a plane or something coming out of the clouds ~ looking for a reasonable explanation ~ but there was nothing, so here I am sending you this note. It's not really dark out yet either so it was very visible."
"Cluster of 5 big yellow lights hovering over the horizon 5 yellow lights clustered together hovering over the horizon in the southwest region of San Diego, seen from a hilly neighborhood in Spring Valley that overlooks east county, Tijuana, and the Downtown skyline.  1 light was a bit lower and separate from the other 4.   They were nothing like anything I've seen, very bright yellow, 5 times the size of an average star, and they were unmistakeably still, not moving at all.  They were constantly flickering, but not completely on and off.  Similar to a candle flicker.   I waited for them to fall or  move but they stayed still so I called my mom brother and sister to come see and we watched them stay still for about a whole minute.   Then I went to get my phone and captured the last seconds before they disappeared, one by one.  The one that was separated from the four and lower disappeared first.  It just started to dim until it was gone.   Then the other 4 followed.  They disappeared while in place.  We heard my neighbor say loudly, \"they're gone\" so we know at least one other person witnessed them, totaling at least 5 witnesses"
"star shaped ufo hovers over harbor bridge for 20 minutes then vanishes!?!?! Was at work.  It was a Cloudy morning so when we first noticed it as thought it was a plane hovering low.  Was a black star shaped craft.   It hovered over our harbor bridge for 20 minutes in a slow circular path. Then it zoomed quickly sideways and upward.   When it did that we were able to see it was a star shape almost like a sheriff badge.  After 20 minutes it simply vanished into thin air.  It was so huge n frightening.  We attempted to take photos however they only came out as little black dot. :("
"we saw a light that was a triangle shape that was in the sly for 30 seconds"
"Saw a plane in the sky that looked backward and flew across the sky silently. I have seen, with the best that I can describe, an object in the sky that very closely resembled a commercial aircraft.  BUT!!  As far as I know, the aircraft warning lights on all aircraft thoughout the world are consistant.  One bright white light in the front, lights on the wing tips, a blinking red light on the tail, and every jet that I've seen takes several minutes to cross the sky.  I witnessed an object cross the sky in less than a minute without a single sound.  In addition, the warning lights were in the wrong place, the red light was in the front, plus the craft appeared to travel at angle inconsistant with normal aircraft.  It looked as if it were flying backwards at an angle.  The only aircraft that I know that can cross the sky in less than a minute is a satilite, and it's only a pinpoint of light."
"Strange ball of light moving slowly across central Iowa. This happened on the night of the 17th of December at 5:45pm.  I was outside and looking at this star off to the west of us.   I started to go inside and remembered I had forgot something.  I told my wife that this star is sure bright tonight, and I looked to the south of us and that's when I seen this ball of light moving rather slow.  I said to my wife look at this thing, it was moving to the west, had no flashing lights, or no sound.   It was at a low altitude, lower than what the smaller airplanes would usually fly.  I kept watching it and all of a sudden it dissapered, just like you would turn a lamp off.   Strange ball of light"
"Circular shape with red and green lights. We witnessed what looked initially like a bright star.  There were no other stars in the sky at this time.  We saw red and green flashing lights.  It was stationary and then it moved the colors disappeared.   The witnesses are a 33 year old female of sound mind, employed, and a single mother the second witness is a 38 year old married mom of two.  Both have college education.  The last two witnesses are juveniles ages 13 and 9."
"This was definitely a UFO and not a satellite. The object changed shape several times.  We watched it the for almost half an hour.  It stayed in the same area of sky, but moved back and forth and up and down."
"Spinning Red,Yellow,White,Orange light ball which I was able to video I have 12 min of video of a \"Orb\" Exact location ; Cowlitz fish hatchery Observed from parking lot, what appeared as a rainbow colored sphere, \"Orb\" darting around the trees beyond the Hatchery at unprecedented speed. I woke a family member to observe. It stopped it's movement and I filmed the Orb for approximately 12min. I am a retired 58 year old Male The other witness is a 68 year old engineer/family member"
"PETER| MY COUSIN CALLED ME 1/28/17 SAID HE HAD BEEN WATCHING A STATIONARY BRIGHT OBJECT IN THE WESTERN SKY FOR OVER AN HOUR  SAID HE VIDEOED OBJECT CAN;T GET HIM TO FILE ONLINE REPORT.BUT I'M TRYING.HE SAID HE WILL EMAIL ME THE VIDEO.WHEN I GET IT I'LL FOWARD TO YOU..DID ANY MORE OF PORTLAND,OR. REPORTS MAKE IT TO YOU? ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.  Sighting of Venus.  We wish people would read the material on our homepage, before submitting reports.  We have a request on our homepage that people not report Venus, or the star, Sirius.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"8 descending fireballs over Lake Ontario from Rochester, NY. 8 lights appeared in the sky one at a time starting at ~8:50 ET and disappeared one by one starting at ~9:00 ET leaving contrails in a descending and uniform pattern. ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the time, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  Possible hoax??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"We were outside.a red light went by us from West to east which turn to green this thing dropped down then shot to the right then hovered and went towards Oakland.  Which was south.  This object moved so fast!!  It was totally different then any plane which flies over here!!"
"Large, plane shaped object illuminated by orange lights seems to fall out of sky, but makes no sound. I was driving on route 100 from Stowe into Morrisville on Vermont Route 100.  The sky was very dark and clear, and the stars were easily visible.  I was debating what route I wanted to take through Morrisville, when a moving object in the sky caught my eye.  I was on the phone as I was observing this object and informed the person I was speaking with that I was looking at something moving in the sky that was either a plane falling or a very large, abnormally slow moving meteor.   I only saw this object for approximately 3 seconds, as it was moving at a consistent pace and lost sight of it as it moved behind the tree line.  I attempted to find it again by continuing on the road that I hoped would give me a clear view of the object, but it was nowhere to be seen, in the sky or on the ground.  It was close enough to me that if it had been a plane crash, I would have felt the reverberations from its impact.   There is a small airport in Morrisville; however I observed this object a few miles to the east of the airport.  Also, had this been a plane on its way to the airport, it would have flown over my vehicle.  I did not hear any sounds that would have been associated with the object.  The lights on the object were yellow/orange-ish.   The way in which the lights were traveling together and the number of observable lights are what caused me to initially think that it was a plane.  However, the lights on the object were all the same color which is why I also considered the possibility of it being a large, slow moving meteor instead of a plane.   My main issue with this explanation is that the object as a whole was not illuminated, distinct smaller lights could be seen along the object.  I am unable to accurately identify this object based on what I saw.   Also, I do not believe that my hypotheses of either a plane or a meteor, the only two possible explanations I could come up with, provide a sufficient description to provide a satisfactory explanation for the event that occurred."
"Three red orange lights were hovering in a boomerang shape.  Then a fourth reddish light appeared and all of the lights formed a square-shaped and stood still in the sky for 1 minutes.  The lights then pulsed and reddened in color and disappeared."
"Fireball, space debris, or unknown object . I originally noticed a flash in my peripheral vision on the right as I was heading east on Washington Street at 12:50 AM.  I consulted a cell phone for the exact time. Immediately following the original flash,which caught my attention, I looked to the SW and noticed an extremely bright fireball slowly coursing the sky towards the south.  As I watched, orange sparks and chunks appeared to fall away from the main train.  The train stayed a constant length until the object disappeared behind the low hills to the south.  When it reached this point, a brilliant flash appeared, lighting the southern sky, the way it does when a lightning strike occurs some distance away, on a locally clear night.  This was different than anything I've witnessed before, and as I've enjoyed astronomy for years, I have witnessed many things in the night sky.  It was brighter and bigger, with a longer and more solid looking train, than any other meteor I've previously seen.  The train did not! smoke, but was rather a solid sheet of light, as bright as sunlight on chrome, following behind the object or fireball."
"\t  My girlfriend, her sister, my little sister, and myself were coming back from running errands on Friday 1/23/09. We were coming back down Kellers Church Road which is the road that runs directly behind my house when we saw two-three distinct lights in the distance.  I know the time was at 5:59 pm eastern time because I had just called my friend Matt.  I thought that the lights must have been a plane whose lights were pointed directly at us because they were very bright.  It was also traveling in a downward motion and to the west.  From our position when we saw this I estimate that the object was close to a mile or two away.  I also thought it was a plane that must have been making an emergency landing or was facing an imminent crash because it was lower and brighter than any plane I had ever seen before.  So before we turned into my neighborhood we proceeded north on Kellers Church Rd. We went over a small bridge, continues, went around one bend to the left then a second to the right immediately after where Scott Road and Kellers Church Rd. meet. We continued trying to eye out the object/plane through the trees and went through a small set of woods and then there was a clearing between that small set of woods and another north. In that clearing we found ourselves to be near an unidentifiable object which I have never seen before. We were slightly to the South West of the object. It was above the treeline of the new set of woods, sitting there, hovering. It did not move in any direction at that point. It was just sitting there. I estimate it was only 150-300 ft above the treeline, which is seriously low. I have never seen any plane or object do such actions. We slowly came to a halt and we were all dumbfounded. This object appeared to be almost a diamond shape, and we were seeing it from the bottom, angled. There seemed to be a dominant light on the front (which appeared the brightest) and two light on the side of the object. Those two seemed dimmer and less dominant. The way all the lights were connected made ! the obje ct appear angular and almost diamond shaped. The car at this point was stopped. I tried to make a video using my sister's cell phone but it didn't come out. There was a distinct point, about 20-30 seconds after we were in awe looking at this object in which myself and Annie (sister to my gf) both felt as though this object/plane, whatever had noticed us and the front light that appeared to be dominant began shifting itself towards us. I freaked out and told April, my gf, to please just go. I had a sickly feeling in my stomach and I had never, ever seen anything like this. She hit the gas and we proceeded through the second set of wooded area and came out 15 seconds later. As we were traveling through the wooded area I kept watch on the object which had a bright light on what I would describe the back of it. At least as bright as the front dominant light. (these light may have appeared more dominant because there were facing us more directly than the other two had). My sister described the top of this object as having a spherical structure to it. We proceeded up the hill which lead to deep run road. We made a right and proceeded to try and follow the object, ended up being more round about of a road and by the time we came closer back to our original location, the object was gone. I could not find it in the night sky. The only object I could see in the sky were normal, blinking, red tinted planes. Planes I could identify normally. This obscure object vanished. I have no idea what happened to it, but myself and the three other people with me saw something we had never seen in our entire lives. This object furthermore had no engine sound. Annie described it as a buzzing, humming sound. After the incident I told many people and was informed of other sitings in the Bucks County Area. Please write back any inquiry or information you may have for us, or if others reported siting the same distinct object in the sky. This testimony is 100% truthful, I want to know if others saw it, if this object was on a radar, ! whatever you guys do to figure this stuff out, please let me know the details of your finding. You may contact me, ask me questions, etc. I will fully cooperate and I am intent on learning of what this was."
"Ball of light flying in multiple directions over Sherman Oaks. I witnessed a orange ball shoot down from the sky before stopping in mid air.  The object proceeded to dash from side to side.  The entire time the object was disappearing then reappearing.  I filmed the last minute."
"red ord  speed about mock 9 pulcated then dissapared over tree line I was talking to a friend on my cell phone to a friend cell single was lost I looked up thinking it was a b2 I seen a read orb completely quite  as a ufo investigator I judge it by the size of the moon about 20 ft. round traveling west at about mock 9 did not get a pick do to the high rate of speed and my week off no equipment  to propyl gage it  I figured I will report it I did report it to my  team leader too"
"Saw ship outside bedroom window, had mole on solarplexis, pulled out 2 yrs later, long string, flushed in toilet   I woke up at 04:00 with my dog keisha barking.  And the odd feeling that something was touching me. I immediately ran to the window to see what could be making such a bright white light.  It was shaped like an airplane, except it had no wings.  It was hovering just a few feet away.  I was so excited I just stared at it.  The light blinked, as though something walked in front of the light.  It seemed like two shadows.  Then the light flashed brighter and I was blinded and all I could see was this light and nothing else.   My dog was growling and whining at the window.  The only time she acts like that is when there was a deer in our back yard.   Then I saw the ship raise a little bit, point the nose to the sky, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.  I went to bed, when I woke up I had a strange mark on my arm, and a weird mole sticking out of my stomach.  It felt weird, so I was uncomfortable and started pulling at it.  I worked on it for a couple of years and I was constantly pulling at it.  Then finally I gave it a good pull and a long string noodle thing came out of my arm, like a vein and it was a foot long.  I thought I'd pulled my vein out but it wouldn't come all the way out.  I thought it was connected to me because I felt pulling on my stomach, on the inside.  So I took a pair of scissors and cut it off.  It was so repulsive that I flushed it down the toilet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in 2000.  PD))"
"orange fireballs traveling north at slow rate saw 4 fireballs traveling north at slow rate. as one disappeared another appeared.  No engine noise at all completely silent.  All beneath clouds as could tell because of full moon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"craft flying in a straight line over the sky.  Uniformly spaced. 7 craft flying in a straight line over the sky. Uniformly spaced with some disappearing for a few moments and then re-appearing before they all faded from view after 10 minutes,"
"Unknown lights over Mount Vernon, Washington. I was going out to my car to put something in the trunk and I happened to look up in the sky. What I saw was this bright orange/red light slowly across the sky.  I first thought that it was either a plane or a helicopter but then I noticed that there was no engine sound at all.   The next thing that I noticed was that there were things dropping from it like sparks that drop from a sparkler.   All of a sudden it made a 90 degree left turn ( toward me ) and just hovered there.   All that time I still did not hear any engine sound at all.  After about two minutes, it seemed like, the thing started to go straight up and the light faded and pretty soon I could not see it at all. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We strongly suspect that the report is accurate.  PD))"
"2 thin horizontal orange lines coming together and fading away Around two years ago my father, Eldon called and reported a ufo sighting in Ottawa, Canada. Near thanksgiving time (canada). Ever since, we have kept our eyes out for sightings. Not to long ago, I was on the phone with my father while he was driving home from work.  He was about an hour ways from where I am.  He tells me he sees an orange line in the sky, he tells me to go outside and look so I do so.  I look around for a couple seconds and I notice it.  The thin, distinct orange line was located slightly above the sun's horizon (the sun was setting at the time).  The line started moving to the right for around a minute, then just stayed in place.  At this point I realize that what I'm looking at is not a jet, the line stayed the same size and remained very thin.   Then, after the line sitting in place for around 10 seconds, another line from the same line started moving to the left.  So, you have the same line remaining in the same spot, and then another line moving to the left away from that line.   Now, the two lines were apart.  At a bit of a faster speed then they were separating, the two lines start getting closer and closer together and now they are combined into one line again.   At this point, I run inside to get my mother and we get outside and its still there in the sky, in the same spot.  A couple seconds later, it slowly fades away.  The line/lines are gone now.  When they faded away, I also saw sort of like a magnetic force shot up through the sky.  Thank you for reading my report."
"BRIGHT LIGHT/S OVER EST RENO IN SAT MORRING WORKING LATE AT SHOP THINKING ABOUT UFOS LOCK UP AND U KNOW LOOKING UP IN TO SKY AND I SEE BITE LIGHT OVER THE AIRPORT THINKING A PLANE IN LANDING BUT ITS NOT MOVING DOWN WARD IN FACT IT SEEM TO BE DRIFTING LIKE A LEAF DOWN A BIT AND PULL UP FOR A SEC AND REP SO AFTER A MIN GET IN CAR DRIVE TO CORER STORE GET A DRINK I TAKE NOTE OF WARE I SANDED THE LIGHT IS ALINED WITH THE POWER LINES ON THE  ST  GO IN TO STORE POINT OUT LIGHT GET READY TO GO HOME LOOKING AT LIGHT DRIVING OFF IN SIDE MIRROR AND LOOKS LIKE IT GENE ALTITUDE TURN AROUND PARK SAME SPOT GET OUT AND NOTE LIGHT IS 7-8\" TALLER THAT POWER LINES DOES NOT MOVE GO LIGHT SO FAR AWAY LOOKS LIKE 1 LIGHT PULLS TO 2 AND COMES BACK TO ONE NEXT DAY NO LIGHT IN SAME SPOT ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to whether this report is intended as a sincere and serious-minded account of a genuine sighting.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"One bright-white orb moving erratically over highway 50 in quebec, canada, seemed to appear and warp to another point in the sky.  at 4 p.m. on October 14th, 2013.   I was walking my dog on the south bank of ottawa river by hawkesbury-grenville bridge when i saw the orb across the river over the highway 50 it was moving east-west then doubled back twice at incredible speed and then warped out of sight then re-appeared far away then again sped across sky then vanished.  during this time a second person walking their dog came up and i asked him if he himself saw what i was seeing.  he stopped and observed the same thing i have just described and grabbed up his dog and ran off with tears forming in his eyes.  he exclaimed \"what the hell is that? its not a car....\"  He looked terrified.  I myself, although far away from this object, I felt threatened ...even scared for my life.  and I am still spooked."
"UFO SIGHTING, NJ I was letting my dog out this morning and it was a super clear night. I was looking at the north star and observed a bright light moving from north to south and a very high rate of speed. This object was so high up it looked like a star and I know it was not a airplane it was far to high. It travel very fast covering the sky in seconds.  It traveled with a kind of slight side to side movement.  I called my wife and she also witnessed it. She does not believe it UFO'S but I thing after this she is a believer. The object did not have any other type of lights it just looked as if it was a star. This is the second time I witnessed something like this on the past 3 weeks."
"Huge Whitish light I was outside with my dog and noticed a very big whitish color light to the West go across the sky from North to South.  I called my husband to come have a look and see if he could see anything.  No sooner had he got outside, when it happened again, in the exact same direction.  We stayed outside with the outside lights off and saw it happen again 6 more times over an 8-10 minute time frame.  Then it appeared from the South, went in a direction to the North, stopped stationary for a couple of minutes, then seemed to turn and shoot off back to the South.  It was approximately the size of the moon, quite close and at first we thought it may be some type of spotlight until we saw there was no beam emitting from it, it was just a hugh solid light, whitish in color and moving at a medium fast speed."
"bright light travels over Seattle and seems to fade off into nothing. Upon pulling into my driveway on the evening of March 12th, 2010, at approximately 7:10pm, I exited my truck and looked up into the sky as usual. I am an amateur stargazer so my eyes are always to the sky. As I looked to the North I noticed a bright light moving across the sky, I would say about 40 degrees or so off the horizon. It was moving from West to East, inside the atmosphere. No flashes, no strobing, just a single white light, much brighter than any stars in the sky. After watching for about 30 seconds, I had determined that is clearly not a plane or a satellite. I couldn't believe my eyes, I ran to the front door and got my mother. She couldn't believe her eyes. We continued to watch for about another minute as it seemed to travel in short spurts (like an inch across the sky to the naked eye, if that makes sense). It continued on and seemed as if it just suddenly got bright and seemed to be stationary for a brief second and then slowly faded away. While watching all this 2 planes passed into our sites, so we could easily compare them to an airplane. My mother also is a stargazer and we used to look for satellites in the sky together when I was a child. I am now 32 and she is 55. I am also a full-time college student (as well, as I just completed a quarter in Astronomy), part-time risk engineer assistant and a single mother of 2 toddlers. my mother is a registered nurse. We are both sober, intelligent adults. I guess you could consider my mother a skeptic, she was quite amazed and really could not give an explaination for what she saw, nor could I. I am far from a skeptic and have had other experiences in the past. This is the first time I've been able to share the phenomon with someone else. I hope someone else out there saw it too."
"Large very bright bluish white \"strip\" of light seen on bottom of a large craft While driving in to work (night shift in downtown Tulsa, Ok) at 10:02pm on Hwy. I-75 southbound (near 96th street exit) I saw a VERY BRIGHT \"strip\" of white or bluish white light in the sky to the east. This is very close to the approach used for runways at Tulsa International (Rwy. 18L and 18R). I am use to seeing planes approaching to land at the airport in Tulsa, but this WAS NOT an airplane about to land at the airport. It appeared (as best I can tell) to be about 1/4 mile to my east (no way to reference this distance, just a best guess). It had a dark outline I could not identify well, but then lit up with a VERY BRIGHT strip of white light on it's bottom. The light looked a bit like the expensive xenon headlights used by teenagers in the import cars, as it was almost blue tinted a bit. maybe like a mercury vapor light, but MUCH brighter. It stayed on for about 3/4 of a second and went out, then back on for about 1/4 second. Then, as it was going dark, it started moving away (appeared to be eastbound, but was hard to tell). As soon as the lights went out, I lost sight of it's dark outline and the sighting was over. If i were to guess, i would say this strip of light was at least 100 feet long, but I could see no real shape except that the strip of light was a straight line below a darker craft. When i saw it I immediately got a \"fight or flight\" feeling as adrenaline surged through me and I was awestruck and scared at the same time. I continued the drive to work (no missing time on my commute) and sent this report."
"Multiple hovering orange sphere/orbs in a broken triangle shape over Hwy. 30 While traveling E. BOUND ON US30 through Schererville and entering Merrillville.  I observed at least 4 maybe 5 orange spheres/orbs which seemed to just hover with no sound over the highway, they were under 400 ft. approx. These lights were spread out into a broken triangle and seemed to just appear or catch my eye.  I sensed a very sureal feeling and was totally shocked and amazed.  My mind was racing with questions. With narrow sholders on the road and heavy traffic I did not stop but slowed down.  One light was larger (sphere) and the others seemed more like orbs. It was cloudy and I could not discern if they were connected.   About one quarter of a mile I turned off Hwy. 30 to enter Crown Point and looking back to my right I could still see one orange orb, lighting up the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Disk shaped pinkish purple object high in the sky made no sound seen through camera screen. Photographed. After having completed installing our church flag pole I did a trial run of raising the two flags into place.  I knelt down to take a digital photo of this flag installation. I noticed a pinkish purple colored disk shaped object in the LCD view finder screen but after taking the shot did not see it in the sky as it was close to the bright sun and there was no noise at all.  Upon downloading it to my home computer in order to print the photo for the church newsletter I noticed the purple, pink disc shaped object with a elongated oval shaped pod on its underside, directly above the US flag.  I have zoomed in on this object in the next two enlargements. Just for the record I am 64 years old, hold a commercial pilots license flying since I was 16 years old. Have 20/20 vision wearing glasses. Have been in law enforcement most of my life and have never seen this object before.  I was alone on this sparcly populated area hilltop church parking lot near Norton Virginia that has a ground elevation of 2400 Feet above sea level with a clear sky. GPS coordinates 37. 00' 26 N  082. 39'08W  As a pilot I have come across St Elmo\u2019s fire phenomenon, Bermuda triangles instrument and electronic effects, glowing phosphorous clouds, green glowing sea alge and countless weather happenings but how this reflected light back into my Kodak 6.2 mb camera I can\u2019t explain. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"V Shaped lights over W. Duluth harbor/bay front. Over the Lake Superior Bay/I35 corridor in West Duluth I observed two rows of lights--Red and green alternating in a boomerang shape.  I live on the 13th floor so the lights appeared very close to me.  It appeared to be ONE object as they all moved at the same time within the same space.  It moved a short distance, --Probably a few hundred yards-- Very quickly, and then back in a split second.  I watched until I was bored with it.  When I returned to the window several Minutes later, it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"My husband and I witnessed one orange glow traveling west at a steady speed similar to a plane. No sound was heard and it traveled in a fairly straight line.  There were no blinking lights as are typical to an airplane, instead it was a steady orange glow.  After approximately 30 seconds, it disappeared into the incoming fog. F or more clarification, it was not too foggy in our actual proximity, however, there was some light fog way overhead but mostly the fog was on the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"It was a bright white light that appeared in the sky.it was vary high up and travel across the sky in random directions.  it was the size of an aspiring if you held it an arms length away.it stoped after moving around the sky and then it vanished.it left no trails.  i didn't hear it bc I was in the car"
"UFO spotted after military aircraft flew by. I was sitting in my car with the sunroof opened up at a local business.  I heard an approaching helicopter flying over.  The helicopter was a military style helicopter.  The helicopter was flying around 3000 feet, headed in a southeast direction. As soon as the helicopter flew past, I noticed what appeared to be a shiny rectangle like object in a near stationary position.  The object resembled a jetliner's fuselage minus the wings and tail section.  The UFO appeared to be about 15,000 to 20,000 feet high.   The object looked silverish and white in appearance with a light bluish light on the right side of object that was facing east. The object was only moving slightly to the east at maybe around 5 MPH.  After observing the UFO for around 20 seconds, it darted out of view heading northeast.  I do not know the speed, but guessing I would say it was doing mach 1, or faster.  The UFO made no noticeable sound when it was moving slowly and when it flew away at a sudden speed. Side note:  At the time the weather was calm, around 80 degrees fahrenheit with a few scattered high clouds."
"lookks like a failing star a ball of light came straight down and a month later again it seems to be in the same spot every time out side of Tampa airport near McDowell air force base its seems to be on a regular basis  in my humble opinion it seems like if it was coming from a larger ship"
"UFO follows train tracks I was heading east on hi-way 30 towards Maxwell Ne. fifteen miles away.  I was taking my best friend home who lived south of the town.  There are railroad tracks that run perpendicular to the hi-way, and I usually did not like heading to Maxwell on that road as the trains always ran with their front light on (they only had one at that time) and I hated that cause they were always on high.  But it was early and still light out so I thought it would be fine if there was a train, as it would not blind me then. The weather was cloudy and grey, and it had been misting all day and was cold out.  I can not remember why we were making it an early day, but I think we had a test the next day for school. As I started out of town we were just talking and I noticed that there was a train coming towards us and I immediately thought \"Crap, a train with it's light on. I hate that.\"  Then as we got a little closer to the \"train\" I noticed that it looked like a really tall train, as the light was twice as high as it should have been, but still did not think anything was strange about it. Then as we got even closer I realized somthing was not right about it and saw that the light was high above the tracks and my friend stopped talking and I said to him \"What the hell is that?\"  Moving very slowly along the tracks was a football shaped craft the the ends coming to a flat point.   The light was on the front pointing straight ahead and there was another I could not see at first pointing directly down onto the tracks.  It also had several small coloured lights at different areas on it. I had pulled over nad actually got out of the car and walked towards it trying to figure out what I was looking at.  My friend was freaking out and wanted me to get back in and drive away.  The car never quit running and I did not notice any electrical problems either. Good thing there was no traffic as I probably would have gotten run over! The object did not make any noise at all.  It was dead silent.  I stood there and watched it glide down the tracks with the light shineing down on it.  The size of it was about a train engine and a half long, it was a fairly big craft.  It just faded into the grey mist out of sight. Finally the cold rain sort of snapped me out of the daze I was in as I watched it and I got back in the car and started off towards my friend's home.  We did not say anything for a while and it was sort of like being in a dream.  When we did start talking it was like we were trying to make some sense of what we had just witnessed. I should also mention that this was in sight of the airport which is just south of the hi-way and there are electrical lines that cross the tracks at several points so anyone flying an aircraft along them would have been very foolish and crashed doing so.  Also the Union Pacific does not check the lines that way either. The whole sighting took only about five or six minutes even though it seemed like hours, but when I dropped him off and got home it was actually four hours later.  Maxwell is only fifteen minutes up and fifteen back.  We left town at around 18:30 hours and I did not get home till after midnight.  I still do not really know what to make of that. The next day when we saw each other, he said to expect the Ne State Patrol to contact me cause his Mom called them after he told her what happened.  I was freaked by that cause I just knew that everyone would think we were nuts or high on something. They called the airport to see if there were any planes coming in at that time, and there were none and they saw nothing on their radar either. We never discussed that event again for years till he asked me to recall the whole thing and I did.  Unknown to me he was recording me and he played the tape for a friend of his who said our story's were identical. I know this happened many years ago, but it is  still fresh in my memory just as the day it happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"fireball over Eugene July 3rd I actually did not see it, but I talked to two separate people who did. I think something weird passed over Eugene Or, at 11:00 pm on July 3rd.  My friend knows I am into UFO's (but does not believe himself)  called me on the 4th of July to tell me he and his girlfriend saw a silent fireball slowly moving across the sky from north to south around 11:00.  Not an airplane, firework, rocket , etc. It was \"flaming\" and it faded out he said.  About 2 weeks later I was having lunch with my brother and he said he, his wife and his whole neighborhood who was out shooting off fireworks saw the same thing fly over around 11:00 on the 3rd of July.  They all said the same thing, it looked like a silent, slow moving fireball and just crossed the sky, definitely was not a plane, fireworks, or Chinese lantern. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Rotating Object Moves Across the Austin Sky The object was seen moving across the sky in a southeasterly direction at a relatively low altitude.  It was traveling at roughly 30-45 mph.  The object was thought to be a bag but as it traveled across the sky its form never varied.  I followed it as far as I could into the horizon and I was able to see that the object was rotating horizontally much like a helicopter blade. The rotation speed was about once every second.  It is hard to describe the appearance of the object.  It was clearly visible in the early night sky, yet it was almost translucent."
"Large fast pulsating bright light Fast moving bright object pulsating a bright light from all over itself. Heading Northbound towards the horizon viewed to the East. It pulsated about 3 to 5 times and it disapeared out of view. It seemed to be about 1 or 2 centimeters wide while pointing at it at its brightest. The light was white, bright and had no sparks, disolving debris or dust trails, only the one made by its speed."
"NJ UFO sighting I was letting my dog outside my back door last night. As I stood in the doorway I noticed a very bright string of lights in the sky. They both flashed quickly and raced. Its hard to explain, I have never seen lights do this before. They where red lights. I also noticed a green light when the lights flashed off. This green light was not on the same strand of lights as with the red. I new this was not an airplane or a blimp. I could see the shape of the craft. It was similar to the disc type I have seen on TV and pictures over the years but it was a bit different. The disc was a bit thicker and not as \"flat\". Is the only way I could describe. There was also a section on top of the disc as well. It looked to be made of some type of metal. It was low enough and close enough that I could see it clear as day. I also noticed  rather then flying in one direction, it seemed to hover and move side to side slowly, like a zig Zag. I watched this for about 20 to 30 seconds until it moved to a point where the house located in the lot behind mine had blocked my view. I called my mother immediatley. She has seen one over a cornfield at our old house about 20 year ago. This one did not look like the one she had seen. Considering how low this was, and how busy the area I live in is, I would definately think someone else saw this. There is a major airport located about a 45 minute drive from me so I do see many planes regularly however I know this was definately not a plane. However about 1 minute or so after I had seen the ufo there was a place in the same area. I dont know if this is somehow connected but I found it ironic at the time."
"Craft with white and red lights hovering and slowly moving SE from Froedert Hospital past State Fair Park Traveling west on I-94 from Milwaukee around 9pm, I was on my way to pick up a friend when, nearing Miller Park, I noticed an aircraft hovering above the area around Froedert Hospital.  With two bright white lights connected by smaller red and white blinking lights, I thought it was an airplane at first, except it remained almost completely stationary.  Maybe it was a helicopter, I thought, as I continued on my way to my friend's place, losing sight of it. About 15 minutes later at around 9:15pm, my friend and I were getting back onto I-94 westbound near Miller Park when I spotted the same lights.  By this time, the object had moved and was presently just south of I-94 by about a quarter to a half mile, hovering about 1000 feet above the ground.  As we got closer, we were able to get a better view of it as it hovered above the area just east of Stare Fair Park. There were no discernible wings and it wasn't a helicopter.  There were at least 3 bright white lights and a hale-domed shaped blinking red light which appeared to be in the center.  I couldn't determine the shape-it was night and we were on the freeway, driving fast-but my friend and I both did not recognize it as any aircraft we're familiar with.  If anyone else happened to see the same thing, please post."
"Orb in Margate Florida One orb Passing by towards the south, then either the same craft or another one passed and headed east.  THERE WERE NO AIRCRAFT IN THE AREA, AND WITH THE CURRENT MOON THERE WAS NO STARLIGHT.  The nearest airport is about 5 to 10 miles to the east, I was facing west the entireity of the duration, it passed through the clouds faster than anything ive seen in the air and there is no possible way for it to make a full 270 degree turn in less than 3 seconds"
"Giant Black Triangle Daughter in-law went to get something out of her car.  Location near Monte Vista and Colorado in Turlock, CA.  She heard a very strange rumbling noise coming from the sky and it made the ground vibrate right up through her shoes.   She looked up and it was suppose to be partly cloudy night. No stars and no clouds.  Pitch black.  Then she notice tiny pin points of red lights and was scanning to one side and then saw a soft round ball of white light.  It was then that she saw an edge around this soft ball of white light.  She scanned for the edge till her head was turned the opposite direction and saw another soft round white light.  The continuing her effort to fallow the edge she found a third corner and realize this huge black triangle was over her blocking the sky and moving slowly over her.  Again it made a weird rumbling noise which vibrated up through the ground into her feet.  It was picking up speed as it traveled South east over all the other homes around her.  She froze afraid to move until it got passed her. Next she bolted inside and got her parents who came out and it was too late it was gone, but they called the police to report it and were told that they knew already because calls were coming in. Next day I called Turlock Police to see if there would be any info given on the news about the craft.  The man I talked to did not know anything about the incident, but checked his computer and said yes there were reports and police went to investigate and found nothing.  I asked how many reports and was told only two and I asked why and if that would keep it from being newsworthy and he said that more phone calls could have come in but they only log reports and those that are not repeat descriptions.  So he said that there may have easily been more then 2 calls. I asked her if the object was bigger then a foot ball field and she replied oh yes. I asked bigger then three football fields and she said not sure but could be.  I asked her how high up she thought it was and she said it was massive and too hard to say how high up in the sky it was.  But it was so big that she had to pan her head all the way left and then all the way right to fallow one edge."
"Large wedge-shaped craft flying over Xenia Ohio October 7, 2014. I am a person who has seen, countless UFO sightings over the years, and am curious if anyone happened to have seen the extremely large wedge shaped object that flew over Xenia Ohio, back in October 7, same night as the moon was said to have been seen larger than usual, due to its closeness to the earth at that point. I can state it's merely 1 over well over 100 ufo sightings I've had throughout the years. and felt I should ask if it'd been seen by others.   That object I can not see how anyone could miss cause it was slow flying and nearly the size of the moon was in the sky. orange in coloration. This thing was just massive. It countinued over the city until it disppeared slowly above some clouds."
"A round ball (circle), colour like fire, orange, moving from left to right, then it quickly became smaller like a point and disapperead.  ((NUFORC Note:  Source provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Given that it is not yet 21:00 hrs. in Italy, we assume that the correct date may be August 22nd, Sunday night, and we have amended the date.  We have no way to contact the source of the report, in order to confirm that fact.  PD))"
"looks like an aircraft with white light brighter and bigger than a star been seeing it for almost a month straight around 6am to 6:45 . We seen it in the sky for 35 minutes at 6am it is diamond shape when you zoom in with a video camera 70x zoom and with naked eye it looks like an aircraft with white light bigger than a star.  I've been seeing it almost every day for the past month.   This is no joke this is not a hoax. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD))"
"Triangular shaped UFO flies over observer's vehicle at relatively low altitude. While traveling south on a rural highway, I noticed two red lights in the distance.  At first, I believed the lights were mounted on a tower.  The lights did not blink, so I thought it was an airplane.   Then this flying object made a movement, swift and swooping like the shape of an inverse rainbow.  I knew then that the object was not an airplane.  I noticed the object then began to move east toward my vehicle.  The driver could no longer see the object but I could as I leaned out the window.   Above the vehicle, I saw a triangle-shaped UFO with red lights at each corner.  The triangular shape was not equilateral but more obtuse (i.e.; much longer than it was wide).  I saw the craft fly directly over.  The UFO was so black it made the night sky seem a dark blue.   I could no longer see the craft once it passed over me and to the east. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The object appeared to be eight lights in a bar to the northeast.  It was approximately 15 or 20 degrees above the horizon.  The impression was that it was a relatively large object  The sky was clear.  The weather was good with a few minor clouds. The lights appeared for a few seconds, and flashed much brighter for a few seconds  and then quickly faded out.  The lights were a warm, orange color.  I have no idea what this could possibly have been, but it certainly was not a phenomena of nature.  It was clearly mechanical / manufactured in its appearance."
"Oval shaped silver object sighted in the sky at 11:45am off of interstate 5. I saw an oval shaped silver object in the sky at 11:45am.  I was watching it from the back seat of a car of the I5 freeway traveling north, and looked at it for 7 seconds or so. It was off to the left of the freeway.  It did not appear to move during this time. The driver pointed to the right of the car as she did not observe it.  \u201cLook\u201d she said, and I saw she was pointing in the opposite direction.  Unfortunately, I looked, only to observe that she was pointing to a dust tornado.  I quickly looked back and the object was gone.  Although the driver did not notice the silver object, there was another passenger in the car who saw the object as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Avistamento de um CHARUTO metalico de uns 50 metros de largura. Avistamento de um objeto metalico parecendo um charuto estava muito longe h\u00e1 algumas centenas de metros uns 300 metros mais ou menos, passou em uma grande velocidade em pleno dia, as  13:00 mais ou menos hor\u00e1rio de almo\u00e7o, parecia ser metalico porem n\u00e3o \u00e9 uma cor de metal. N\u00e3o consigo descrever a cor mais seria uma cor cinza meio transparente, estava a uma velocidade muito grande umas 15 vezes maior que a velocidade de um avi\u00e3o. ((NUFORC Note:  We would welcome an translation from anyone who speaks both Portuguese and English.  PD))"
"object passed overhead low in atmosphere silently with red and white lights around perimiter and orange tail glow. 5th sighting of this Seen stationary several times before directly below orions belt but passed over the house silently this time with several lights and an orange trail behing it.  Aprox. twice the size of a passenger jet.  Also have seen this object stationary in another part of the sky and one other time moving earlier this summer.  Ligts change from orange glow to flashing red and white, and also go out at times revealing the shape of the craft.  Once saw two helicopters moving to its location but it disappeared before they could intercept it."
"Triangular shaped object flew across sky during Wash, DC 7/4/13 fireworks display While watching the last few minutes of the 4th of July celebration in Washington, DC, a triangular-shaped object flew slowing across the screen.  I taped this on my DVR."
"Red lights to the North during Patriot High fireworks Watching fireworks display I saw a red light to my NW thought it was a helicopter until it stopped on a dime and hovered for a few minutes then moved in a manner uncharacteristic of a helicopter back to the SW a 100 feet then it continued to hover and move in a very smooth manner a number of times. It then went towards the NE and I lost sight behind trees as it moved from the area.  Too high for a drone too smooth for a helicopter and the manner of flight did not indicate a plane (which were in the area since we are on the flight path into Ontario airport)  Multiple people viewed and exclaimed that it was extraordinary."
"Large spherical fireball moving faster than Boeing towards sea. Saw very large spherical fireball, more orange than red, with very prominent dark outline (darker than night sky), descending from the sky in a diagonal line to the southwest.  Much faster than a Boeing.   Lost sight of it as it descended past the roof of neighbour's house.  Looked like it was moving towards the sea.   Our house is approximately 1.2 kilometres from coastline.  No sound emanated from sphere and it looked like the phenomenon moved with purpose on a set course, not like random phenomena of nature.  Constant speed, not accelerating.  Definitely not a weather balloon and not a meteorite, much too large to be the latter.   Wondering whether the excessive speed of the phenomenon perhaps causes friction with the air molecules, hence the fireball appearance?   Definitely an unidentified flying object."
"Ball of light changing colors and hovering over downtown Laconia, NH. A ball of light that looked like a flashing star hovering about 150 feet over the downtown Laconia area.  The colors flashing were white, blue and orange.  I gazed at it for 20 minutes from my window, then it sort of slowly hovered away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Brilliant spheres outside of Morehead KY Driving on HWY 32 North towards Maysville KY just outside Morehead city limits. Something caught my eye looked up to the left and saw a sphere object. It was it was very brillant light blue with silver hue.  The light came through clouds . It was headed north bound too, at a very rapid rate, stopped abruptly, then 5 spheres of the same color and intensity broke off from the larger sphere and each one headed in different direction, again at an extremely high rate of speed . The larger one started moving again at high rate of speed instantly,  and then all spheres disappeared. Whatever this was it was silent."
"In my back yard st first looks like a blinking star yellow red and blue not moving in sky watch with binoculars.  Grandson says it is disk shaped"
"hump shapes on top and bottom In this picture behind the deer it shows a white trail. At the end of this trail is a light. Looks like it is rolling. Was taken at my husband\u2019s deer lease. ((NUFORC Note:  Pattern in photo was probably caused by a flying insect, we believe.  PD))"
"Bright orange firball traveling southeast. My husband and I were standing outside staring at the airplanes going by in the sky, when out of nowhere a fireball looking object appeared heading towards the southeast.   At first I thought it was an airplane on fire, but it stayed the same elevation and continued to stay the same elevation.  We kept watching it and it started to dim a little and the blinked out completely then reappeared and then disappeared again only this time it stayed disappeared.  I got the feeling when it was first present to us that it was hurt.  Not sure what it was but I have a strong feeling it wasn't an airplane or comet.   Also I forgot to mention that it was at the same elevation as a military fighter jet would be but very big and very bright orange and it flickered like a flame."
"A blue spherical thing that looked like some sort of gas flame was coming off of it or a bright blue trail fell from the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a meteor??  PD))"
"Very bright flickering lights hovering over mountain ridge in Russian River/Healdsburg, CA This was our third night in Russian River and I had not seen anything like this the prior two evenings. These lights were far brighter and much larger than any star, airplane, satellite or tower I had ever seen.  It was a straight line of approximately 7-9 lights, flickering rapidly and hovering over the ridge of the mountain.  It appeared to be a disk shaped object. It was much higher than any tree or structure on the side or top of the ridge.  They were the most brilliant lights I have ever seen, and no one in my party of four could come up with a reasonable explanation for them.  Even though the photograph I took is far from doing it justice, it still shows how much brighter this object was compared to everything else in the sky.  It was still hovering when I went to bed at 12:30am, but gone when I awoke at 7:30am."
"Red and blue sphere connected to brightly lit, hovering craft in Nashville I observed a very bright stationary white light in the sky, within several miles of my home, at a relatively low altitude, to the northwest, toward South Nashville, in the general direction of the airport.  It appeared to be hovering and have a set of extremely bright lights.  As it sat there, not moving, I took several photos of it (attached).  As I set up to shoot and began to focus, several bright lights going extremely fast and curling tightly, like a berserk firework, shot across my view finder.  They never appeared again.  I focused in on the bright lights, still stationary, and took a series of photos.  To my surprise, the light did not show up...only pictures of a strange blue and red orb.  See to believe."
"Large solid Light wittnessed in the wetlands behind my house down a path,along the Charles( Dense woods) Well, It was last night around 10pm... I had just gotten out of my pool to bring my dog out to go to the bathroom .. He was barking quite a bit at the window ,which isn't rare, But for that time of night with no squirrels to see,  It was a bit odd.  Took him down a path down in our woods that runs along the Charles river wetlands..  Around the bend I noticed the light which had a shape to it but couldn't quite make it out...  There were trees blocking a defined view..  But behind the trees and brush, It is a very large opening ,roughly 5 football fields \u2026 The grass is tall in the wetlands and could see the object through the grass and it was def silent and solid...I could here the grass moving as it continued its path/coarse..I throw a large stick in its direction(my dog was barking quite a bit at this point)And the light dimmed before the stick reached...I stood and watched..  Several min, maybe 2 min later ,the light came back on maybe 3oo yards out (It had moved! quite a bit) but the light wasn't as bright as before.....I was about a half a mile from my house at this point, with no flashlight and dense woods, besides the path I was on...  I took off quick on foot at that point.."
"1942    Louisiana    midnight     light like airplane   10-15 minutes,  then corkscrewing up into the atmosphere On midnight (very dark night) guard duty while on Louisiana maneuvers in 1942 with 2 other soldiers I observed a light appearing to be an aircraft (we\u2019d never heard of UFOs in those days) flying parallel to the ground. Suddenly it made a 45 deg turn upward, and for about 10-15 minutes corkscrewed out into the atmosphere, growing dimmer all the while until it finally disappeared."
"8-10 orange lights passing overhead with no sound I just put my daughter to bed around 23.40 and went to bathroom to take a shower I opened the bathroom window when something caught my eye on my right I looked up and saw around 8-10 orange object in a staggered line moving across the sky I noticed one of the objects at the back 2nd from last move sideways remained there for around 4-5 seconds then move back where it was originally. I called for my daughter to come and see and got my mobile phone to video the objects we both stared at it until they passed my house to the other side as I moved to the front of my house they all disappeared except for one which eventually it disappeared too. They made absolutely no sound and could only imagine if it was man made then some kind of sound would had been heard.Soon after an aeroplane passed in the same flight path of the objects."
"Bright flashing yellow light moving fast. Bright yellow flashing light about 50 ft in air moving fast north.   Disappeared into the tree line. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Saw 5-6 pulsing lights in a circular shape slowly moving across the sky low to the ground. While driving, I and my passenger both saw 5-6 pulsing lights in a circular shape slowly moving across the sky low to the ground, then disappearing behind a tree line on a hillside (not actually disappearing, but we were in a car and could not see them any more). The lights were moving in unison and were spaced enough that whatever they surrounded was huge given how low to the ground the object looked, as it was moving/hovering just above the trees on a tall hillside, not far up in the sky.  There was no center light, but there was a dark, cloud-like misting that could be seen when the lights were bright.  We only saw them for a few seconds, and could not find them again."
"approximately 21:00 hrs seen two lights very close together with lights(white&red) blinking left to right in odd sequence unknown shape Approximately 21:00 pulled up at the house seen what looked like two stars at in very close proximity to each other hovering above the trees exited the vehicle watched for about 1min seen blinking lights from left to right in a very unorganized patern called for my fiancee showed her asked her to get the camera she done so attempted to get a photo as she raised the camera the object dropped approximately 100 to 200 feet straight down so far we could only see a small amount of light through the trees I ran to a different position to get eyes back on it took me approximately 3 seconds to reposition but it was  gone no trace any where I spent the next two hours watching and waiting we also had a strange sighting the night before in the same area of sky we seen a strange really can't say it was very strange it consisted of sparks and fire  like a flash but no sound really really strange couple of nights.  I'm very familiar with the skies planes,satellites and suc! h I watch the skies regularly."
"Circular light in day sky, resolvable as disk with binoculars. I'm an amateur astronomer, age 54...retired.  A friend and I like flying model planes. In the summer heat we typically go out late and fly until dusk. Naturally we are looking up at the sky as it darkens.  One day last week we are flying, and my friend Jim asks me \"what is that bright planet overhead.\" I look up and see a \"star\" a couple fists width due west of Zenith that has to be as bright as Venus at sunset.  But, I know there is no star or planet that bright in that part of the sky.  So, I tell my friend that I have no idea; maybe an iridium satellite?  After a while, my friend says the \"satellite\" hasn't moved, and I take my eyes off my plane as long as I dare to confirm that no movement is detectable. We decide that we just don't know....maybe it is a slow moving satellite that we have no sky reference to detect motion.  As it darkens, the star/satellite disappears, and we don't say anymore about it.  On Tuesday, August 15, at 7:50pm CDT, my friend calls me on the phone and tells me \"that thing\" is back in the sky, and \"in the same place.\"  I go out on the deck, and there it is again...same light, same brightness, same place...best as I can tell. I laid my back down on the house deck and aligned the object with a mark on the handrail to see if I could detect motion....I couldn't. I'm interested, so, I ran into the house to get the binoculars.  Outside with the binos 15 seconds later, I lay down on the deck to steady myself, focus, and....I can resolve a disk at 10x;...circular and bright, definitely not stellar in any case. Reminds me of Jupiter through a low power view, perhaps 50 arcseconds in diameter to show a disk at such low power.  Now I'm really interested, except that the binoculars fogged up in the humidity in just a half minute, and I can't see anymore.  So, I trot off to the shed thinking of what instrument I could grab for a quick view and mentally settle on 80mm f/5 \"shorty\" refractor that is mounted on a Bogen camera tripod and ready to snatch and view. It takes about 10 seconds to get to the shed door, and as I look up to fix the object from that location, it is completely gone.  The object dropped from what was probably about -3 to -4 visible magnitude to absoutely nothing.  Phone rings...it's my flying friend, and I know what he's going to say....he has a telescope and says that he had the object sighted in the viewfinder, but when he looked into the 40x eyepiece...it was gone.  I don't know what the object was, but I can say for certain what it wasn't.  I wasn't a planet, a satellite, a comet, an asteroid, an aircraft, or a star.  I'm thinking high altitude balloon?"
"I had stepped out on my tiny porch to view the stars as I often do.  When I looked up in the northwest sky I saw a disk like saucer with non-flashing green lights about a half mile away.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  I had taken my phone out with me and began taking pictures of this vehicle.  It was odd because it came very close to the path of an airliner.  The green lights were surrounding the perimeter of this UFO. It made no noise.  I counted at least 8 that I could see.  My photos showed how this object didn't just fly horizontal, but was wobbling to vertical at times.  I was able to capture 40 pictures.  The UFO is very hard to see but I have three great ones.  It almost looks like a green beaded necklace.  I am very excited to have seen something that no one can explain."
"Flashing MultiColered Light In Prunedale, CA. A flashing light (red/green/white) seen in the East sky in the city of Prunedale, CA. Moves very fast too the left and right then goes back to the origional spot.  Donsnt look like any other light ive seen in the shy."
"Warships, Surveillance Apparatus in \u00d3ur Skies from Twenty Nine Palms Airforce Base I would like to post publicly an email that I sent to friends of mine since I sighted this aircraft at dusk one evening in 2002 in an adjacent community of Palm Desert, CA, which is situated \"right over the hill\" from Air Force base Twenty-Nine Palms.  Literally, the resort is just a few sandy mountainous \u201chills\u201d away from the military base. I was living in the midst of undeveloped desert land which somehow allowed for clarity... I was getting into my car to drive to La Quinta and I looked up and saw\u2026 not an ordinary BLIMP\u2026 but some silver-colored aircraft resembling a BLIMP in shape \u2014 but far more MASSIVE hovering above the houses. It was simply immense. Perhaps as large as 2 or 3 city blocks in Manhattan\u2026 And I would say it took up about 1/4 of the panorama.  It was floating in the sky fairly low. There was a thin ribbon of moving rainbow colors traveling around it\u2019s girth like a belt and when I squinted, I could see it was actually a moving line of colored gases\u2026 I assume fuel.  This thing was so frightening, I hopped into my car and bee-lined it towards La Quinta with my dog. As I drove away, I turned back around for a moment to make certain I was not overreacting to this thing\u2026 but I hadn\u2019t. It was just as frightening driving away. It was DEFINITELY NOT alien. This was home-grown from 29 Palms Airforce Base. I am certain that the aircraft I saw was either a WARSHIP\u2026 or a MONSTER SURVEILLANCE apparatus [to be used on American citizens... rest assured]. NO ONE reported a thing on the local news about it which only solidified my conviction that it was from the air force base! I personally know that their technology is about 100 years ahead of what they claim, so I had no illusions about this being extra-terrestrial. Another night ... late ... and right after 9/11 I saw a huge, black triangular aircraft that also just hung practically right over my house in the desert \u2014 without moving. There were lights beneath it but not bright and that too WAS NOT A UFO. You can take this for what it\u2019s worth... but the feeling I got from this aircraft was very negative... even sinister. And that was not my imagination. I am posting this now because I was alerted minutes ago that a Blimp-type aircraft was seen in Stephenville Texas recently. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Falling star north west of moncton. I was walk my girlfriend to work, and I was talking and looking in the sky \"about north west of moncton\", I  was focusing on star that appeared to be the only one in the sky about 12:38 am, and 2 - 3 mins later it just fall out of the sky towards the ground in 3 seconds, that couldnt have been a air plane,or anything I thought because for something to fall out of the sky that fast at that height isnt normal, and it also got really bright as it fell out of the sky, if any one seen this besides me, post it so i can get more info on this falling star."
"It was very early in the morning, in the predawn hours. Under a clear sky filled with stars (or at least as clear as it gets in the Los Angeles area) I looked straight up, as I often do, for a panoramic view, and to scan the sky for any oddities or any airplanes. Suddenly, the burst of what appeared to be the tail of a small comet, or shooting star, shot across the sky, very high up, and from a thumbnail perspective, left a trail perhaps three to four inches long. This was a bright fiery white burst and by all appearances, was indeed a shooting star, as far as I could tell. However, it is noteworthy because they are relatively rare in the Los Angeles area since they cannot always be spotted from beneath the suburban and urban skies. This one had a long tail and left a trail of sparks. There was nothing to obliterate my view and the appearance of this is apparently what I saw. I continued to stare up at the sky for a little while afterwards; however, I saw nothing else that I could deem as being unusual. I would be very interested to know if anyone else saw this, and whether it had essentially the same appearance to them."
"Small bright silver round observation orb hovering and floating about in front of a Colorado beep blue sky regardless of wind atmospheric movement.  Elongated into a cigar shape briefly then back just before diapering without moving away."
"While driving from Anteloe Valley to Tehachapi California, at approx. 10pm, I observed what appeared to be a bright orange light leaving behind a light trail and what appeared to be a circular ring of smoke.   I pulled over to observe the object completely go dark.  I kept a watchfull look and a few moments later, the object had moved further south and a more dim orange light appeared and it went dark again.   Sky visability was clear and it appeard to be at an approximate altitude of 2500 feet.   There were no other visible aircraft in the sky and I did not observe any aircraft following this object."
"Green ball of light with orange tip falling from the sky. On the drive home from the gym my mother and I saw a large green ball falling from the sky with an orange light in the front.   It looked like it was going to land on the earth but it disappeared behind the trees before we could see anything more.   It was between a quarter and a third of the size of the moon."
"Bright orange light cruising over Denver!!!  The orb went lights out and looked like a giant bubble. Silent too! My son saw the bright orange light in the sky going West to East in the sky.  I looked up and saw the same thing.  It appeared to be moving fast straight toward us with no sound.  We yelled for a person in house to come see.   The light went off and the altitude dropped just above tree top level.  We could still see it when it went lights out.   At that point it looked like a big bubble that was changing shape.   The thrid person saw it with lights off.  The orb Changed shape like a bubble blown with soap. The size was hard to tell but it looked to be 8 or 10 feet around.   Even though it drop in altitude it kept going directly in the path of the street until it was out of sight.   There was no wind, no noise and before it went black it was bright orange.   Most bizarre thing I have seen flying through the sky.  I hope I see one again.   :)"
"3 UFOs in tiberias , israel. all of us saw a circled shape flyign towards another brighting shape in white and red. one of the UFO wasnt moving, just glowing and the other UFO flew towards the other one and suddenly disappeared. Wwhen the moving UFO disappeared, the other UFO suddenly become less brighter.  Also, we have seen a flash of light for 3 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bell or thimble shaped object rises out of Guntersville Lake and follows pair into Huntsville. Late one evening (between 9 and 10 PM) in the winter of 1988 (possibly February), I (a high school student) was sitting on a boat dock at Guntersville Lake with one other person (a high school student) when a large bell or thimble shaped object rose from the water about  a quarter of a mile from us.  It rose straight up (higher than the tree line) and stopped. Too close for comfort, we got into our car and drove rapidly from the lake taking Hwy 72 through Scottsboro to Huntsville (a trip lasting approximately 35 minutes).  The object followed us just above the tree line rapidly moving from one side of the road to the other.  The object was bright enough to be seen through the street lights once we reached Huntsville and followed us on a twisting path through town. We stopped at my house near Redstone Arsenal and gathered up a pair of binoculars and a rifle scope to look more closely at the object that was now hovering over the neighbor\u2019s house.  We were joined by my father (a restaurant manager) and a neighbor (profession unknown), and we all watched the object for approximately ten minutes.  It was bell or thimble shaped with varying colored lights around the outside of the object in a diagonal line from the bottom to the top.  It rotated counter clockwise and was light in color.  After ten minutes or so, the object rose rapidly and sped off to the southeast. I saw several strange luminous objects in the skies over Redstone Arsenal in the spring and summer that followed- often the same objects in the same general area several nights in a row--but none came close enough for me to distinguish their shapes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"As my mother and i were looking through the window outside our back garden from inside the house at approx 23:05 we noticed a circular flame coming from a distance at incredible speed, the flame was red and orange and as it was coming towards the house, the manouvers it was doing looked as if something was chasing it they were small but rapid and staggering manouvers as if it was trying to avoid something, there was no noise level whatsoeverand as it flew over and i managed to get a look under the object and it was right enough a circular dish and on its rim was emmiting a flame of red and orange energy and the inner part of the circle was a whiteish blue even light illuminating the craft. The dish looked as if it was like a platinum metal and also as if it had welded seams. By the time we darted and opened the front door of the house, it had become a small spec and as it was leaving in the distance it was escalating. This was not a comet or meteor or shooting star."
"saw large bright light in wsw sky as well as 3 reddish orange pulsating orbs in southern sky I returned home from shopping and let our three dogs outside at approximately 645pm. I brought them back inside and realized that I had left some items in the car. I went back outside and noticed a very bright light in the WSW above a nearby treeline. I kept looking at it trying to figure out what it might be. I live across the street from a Navy helicopter training field, so I am very familiar with their sights and sounds, but it would have been too late for them to be flying anyway. It wasn't a plane- it had no blinking lights and did not move like one. It had fringes of red on the left and right sides and what appeared to be \"moonbeams\" eminating from it. It moved very slowly towards the south. I called my neighbors (to my west) on the phone and asked them to step outside and see if they witness what I was seeing. We stood in their front yard and watched it move away to the south. We watched it for approximately 10 minutes and they went back inside (since the temperature was around 30 degrees). I came back inside my home and thought about what I was seeing. I went back outside and it was still there, but lower in the sky. I went over to my neighbors (to my east), and they stepped outside into the street and also saw it. We watched it for a few minutes, and they went back inside their home. My neighbor (to the east) went online to see if there were any stars that were supposed to be visible, and I told them I would talk to them later to find out. I went back home at this point. At about 730pm, I went back outside to see if the light was still in the sky, but it had disappeared. I walked back over to my neighbors (to the east) to see if she had found out anything on the internet, and as I knocked on their door, I turned towards the SWS, looking over the helicopter training field towards Perdido Bay. I saw three orangish-red pulsating orbs. Two of them were close together, and the third was further to the west. At this point, I noticed that the orbs were fading out slowly, then would reappear in a different spot. They did this independently of each other. My neighbors came to their door and as we stood in their driveway, we all witnessed the orbs fading out then reappearing, moving westerly. They started appearing closer together. One would fade out, and then the other two would fade out. The whole episode lasted approximately two minutes before the orbs disappeared completely. We noticed that air traffic in the area picked up considerably during both episodes- more than usual. There was a distinct difference between the bright light and orbs versus the planes and helicpters that started appearing. My neighbor did say that Scorpius would have been the brightest star in the western sky, but when we came out to look for it, it was no longer there- with no explanation where it disappeared. The bright white light was no star. The three pulsating orbs were not stars. I'm not sure what we all saw last night."
"A bright star looking object very quickly rose straight upward out of sight. We were driving home from eating (My stepmom, my dad, and I), when I saw what I thought was a star iin the sky. I soon noticed that it was awfully bright and in an area where no other stars were. I kept an eye on it, and it wasnt doing anything, then all of the sudden, it started going quicklystraight upward. In a few seconds, it had dissapeared from sight."
"Myself, my daughter and her friend were driving in our neighborhood. I was going to make a turn and while I was looking to my left to see if it was clear to make my turn, I noticed what I initially thought was a street light, but quickly discerned that this orb was moving from east to west alongside and parallel with the road I was about to make a right turn onto.  I watched as it came closer to where I was.  It was the same color and almost the same intensity as those orange street lights.  I didn't want to lose it and wanted a better look so I quickly made the turn and had to take an immediate left onto my street.   I pulled over, shut my car off and got out of my car so I could see if there was any breeze like maybe it was a lantern.  No,it wasn't.  It was approximately slightly larger than one of those exercise balls (though it's difficult to determine size and how high it was ).  It seemed to be approximately 50-100 ft in the air.  Noiseless, floating against ! the breeze turned toward the south and then the light went out as soon as it was almost directly above me and I could still see there was some structure but very dark and as it moved away from me I lost track of where it was.  My mind wanted to go to every LOGICAL explanation.  It was NOT ball lightening, swamp gas, drone, I cannot come up with anything that fits.  I should have reported it sooner, but I feel if anyone else saw it I don't want them to feel alone or like they're crazy because we saw it too! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Large Bright Orb Appearing Periodically. A bright glowing ball appeared in the west/south-west sky at approximately forty degrees high in the sky. I have seen the same light several times.  It will remain for a few hours and disappear, only to return a week or so later.  It is the brightest light in the sky, and attempts to identify it with planetary/star charts have failed."
"My spouse came into the house and told me to come outside quickly to see \u201csomething\u201d.  I told him I did not have on my shoes and he told me I did not need them.  I went out through the back French doors and looked into the sky directly west of our house.  It was the most unusual sky I have ever seen.  It was a large area of grey with a white sphere in the center.  I thought it must be a dust storm or cloudy sky, however the rest of the sky was clear and there were no winds.  My husband and I both thought it must be the moon and some unusual sky phenomena.  We continued to watch the area in question and called some neighbors and friends in the area as well as a friend in Phoenix to see if anyone else was  able to see this.  No one else could see it, though everyone was interested in what we were seeing.  After approximately 20 minutes it totally disappeared, just faded away. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"5 bright orange lights all following the same arc at the same speed It was during band practice and we were all enjoying the music, half of the people were inside eating pie while I was outside walking around, I suddenly see 3 bright orange dots/lights in the sky appear past the treeline and cross over orions belt at a near horizontal arc and then faded into the sky.   I called 3 people out of the house, one of them smokes and drinks on a regular basis, the others are clean, we all observe the lights and the smoker claims to see a ring around each of the lights, but no one else sees it."
"about 830am saw a igrey cone shape ufo it went so fast it was gone by the time i got up and walked 5 feet to lookout the window While I was lying on the couch, just getting ready to get up, I saw a grey cone shaped UFO out of  the large living room window.  I had said out loud whaaat what was that as I was looking out the window at it.  My husband was sitting on the stool next to me and I said get up get up and look out the window.  He quickly got up and I told him to look to the right (which is to the west that was the direction it was going) unfortunately it was gone.  It had no sound and no lights.  I have a broken back so he can move much faster then me.  I couldn't believe it was gone.  I couldn't believe I actually saw a UFO.  I have been stuck on the couch for one and a half years due to multiple broken back bones and I had just mentioned to my husband jokingly that I should be seeing a UFO any time now.I didn't realize how many sightings there are until now.  WOW!!  My husband said that he new something was up by the tone of my voice and the look on my face.  I always knew they were out there.  People need to wake up with this and everything that's going on with the weather, all the wars and new and old illnesses all being so prevalent.  God Bless and love to all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Two bright stationary lights I was driving home from work, when I saw two very bright orange lights.  They weren't flashing, but seemed to be pulsing.  They were stationary.  I captured them on a rough video, and then one of them dimmed to a star like brightness, but they seemed to be low and under the clouds.   We do have a lot of bases around here, but my fianc\u00e9 and I have been seeing a lot of action in the sky.  Recently, we keep seeing star-like moving objects that get extremely bright and then fade into nothing.  Possible ISS?   I showed my fianc\u00e9 the video and he thought they were bizarre, but said maybe it was drones.  Definitely very bizarre sighting."
"Egg shaped yellowish lights that danced around a tree and house. This happened back in 1994, sometime in October.  My husband and I were staying at my in-law\u2019s farm house right outside of Kingstree, SC, while our daughter was in the NICU in Florence.  We had been there almost 5 weeks and were enjoying the country life.  It was approaching dusk and my sister-in-law and I were in the house cooking dinner and enjoying light conversation.  Our husbands had gone out into the woods on 4-wheelers and had been gone awhile.  We heard them racing back across a field, the engines were full throttle and they were shouting.  My sister-in-law went to the front door to find out what the excitement was.  I was still in the back of the house but could hear them screaming to get out of the house.  The men were screaming, freaked out panic screams.  I thought maybe the house was on fire and we didn\u2019t know.  My husband got to me before I got to him, he grabbed me by the arm and dragged me out of the house.  My brother-in-law was already hustling my sis! ter-in-law up the driveway.  We followed behind them and I kept trying to get answers.  We got around 100 feet from the house and stopped under a large pecan tree.  I was still asking questions as the men were clearly shaken up and I was jacketless and shoeless and not having fun.  My husband grabbed me by the shoulders and turned me around towards the house.  I stopped talking. There were lights. Orbs.  Balls of light that weren\u2019t quite round but weren\u2019t oval.  They were hard to stare directly at because they didn\u2019t have clearly defined edges.  Like the inside of them was a solid but they were surrounded by a mist.  Like the outside was a fuzzy layer. They weren\u2019t white, but they weren\u2019t yellow.  They were big, even from where we were standing they looked to be around 4 feet long and another 2 or 3 feet high.  There were 5 of them. When I think back to that day I have a hard time counting them in my mind because of the movement, I\u2019m almost 100% sure there were only 5.  They didn\u2019t float, they almost danced.  They were going around the house in an up and down motion. In some rhythm that seemed soothing.  I wasn\u2019t soothed,  I was panicking. I think I was the only one with a clear mind at that point. My husband told me that they had been way out in the woods and had seen them in the distance.  They thought they were swamp gas and didn\u2019t think anything of it.  As they came back towards the house they realized that they were moving in a circular motion and that they were moving towards the house.  They came out of the woods and were on the other side of the sweet potato field when they realized that the lights were headed towards the house.  When they pulled up to the house the lights were still close but were not at the house yet. We all stood under that pecan tree and stared.  I couldn\u2019t come up with an explanation in my mind but I found myself silently watching those orbs dance around the upper floors of the house in that up and down pattern.  All of a sudden they went up in the air, well above the tree tops, shot off to the left and went completely out of sight.  There was a shocked pause and I found myself saying we needed to call the police.  Before I could finish my sentence the lights appeared in the distance and came back just as fast as they had disappeared.  They returned to us but not the house.  They were above us, dancing around the giant pecan tree.  I looked up to watch them winding through the limbs.  They were dancing/circling in the same pattern as before.  They were hitting the limbs enough to cause pecans to fall. We were suddenly being pelted with pecans.  Not a few pecans, it seemed like every pecan in the tree was coming down.  I could hear twigs and branches breaking, but I didn\u2019t get hit by anything but pecans. We ran halfway back to the house. We stopped because I was freaking out at this point. I didn\u2019t want to go back in the house and I didn\u2019t want to stay outside. I was the only one losing it. My husband was saying \u201cmaybe it\u2019s lights from the airport, the airport is over that way\u201d and pointing in the direction the lights had gone to and rapidly come back from.  My brother-in-law was still talking about swamp gas.  I interrupted them both to remind them that swamp gas couldn\u2019t and wouldn\u2019t fly away and back at such a speed and that airport lights wouldn\u2019t knock pecans out of a tree.  We started to argue about what to do and my sister-in-law interrupted all of us and said, \u201cI don\u2019t care what it is.  It isn\u2019t bothering us and we shouldn\u2019t bother it.\u201d   Then she headed back to the house. We all followed her back inside.  I couldn\u2019t convince my husband to take me anywhere else and they all disagreed with calling the police.  They put in a VHS copy of 8 Seconds, poured drinks and rolled a joint.  I went back to the front door a few times to watch and even cracked the door open.  I could still hear a few pecans falling and the tree disagree with the dance through it\u2019s upper limbs.  I was killing their buzz and my husband demanded I come back to the living room and stop stressing.  He pointed out that whatever it was, it was outside and we were inside. I smoked with them, which was calming, and then sat by a window and started to watch the movie.  At some point I looked out the window and up and noticed the lights were again circling the house.  They were still moving in the up and down dancing way.  I realized at that point, through the haze of marijuana, that they were floating along in a relaxing way.  The rhythm was nice.  Each one was not going down where the last one went down and each one was not going up where the last one went up.  They were in a pattern but the pattern was changing as they circled the house.  I remember thinking that they could come in through the windows on the second floor and get us.  That was my last thought as I drifted off to sleep. I woke up in a panic.  My memory of the night before was very clear and I was not content to go on with my life like it hadn\u2019t happened.  Everyone else was nonchalant about it and acting like I was a spaz.  It was some great mystery and it didn\u2019t need any further evaluation. I went outside and every pecan had been knocked out of the tree.  There was a huge circle of them around the base. I walked through them, they were inches thick.  I looked back at the house and wondered about the lights, where they had come from, what they were, what they meant, and who was really going to protect me in the future.  I went back in and packed my things, demanded my husband do the same, and we left.  We went back home to North Myrtle Beach and made a daily drive to Florence instead of staying at the farm house. I visited there many times after that, but never stayed the night again.  I never even stayed again after dark.  My sister-in-law later told me a story about 5 people being buried on the property, but it didn\u2019t sit well with me.  She was trying to convince me that it was okay to stay because my husband wanted to spend a long weekend there and I refused.  I think that they would have been more concerned with what was happening if they hadn\u2019t been high before the lights arrived.  I was the only one that was completely sober when it happened.  It broke my resolve and I did smoke and drink that night and I regretted that too.  It made me angry at my husband, who is now my ex.  I don\u2019t want to live a numb life, and they were surely living it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Very small disk shape like a bug silver and white. Very small like a bug but disk shape silver and white I'm talking very small. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Floating objects in the sky My nephew was driving and took pictures of the sunset.  He later looked at the pictures and saw several objects in the sky.  He did not see them in the sky, only saw them in the pictures.  Once zoomed in, you can see several objects in both of the pictures.  The next picture, the large object was gone.  My nephew was very afraid after seeing the pictures, so I will give you my name, as I am not sure he wants to be contacted.  I will also email you the pictures."
"Series of about 7 orange circular objects flying through the sky. There was a series of at least seven objects flying through the sky.  The objects were small, circular, and orange.   The objects all seemed to come from the same general location and move towards another separate but common location (From the NE to SE).   The objects did not make any noise.  They moved faster than a helicopter but slower than a plane.   They all seemed to fade out of view around the same area but there were not many clouds in the sky.  We tried to film the objects with a camera but were unsuccessful in really capturing anything worth sending in.   Background of Witnesses \u2013 Teacher, Structural Engineer, Marketing Consultant, and Custom Clothing Entrepreneur."
"It was moving faster than any other aircraft I had ever seen I heard a loud close sound and looked up into the sky.  I saw a round base with 4 flashing lights on it (red and yellow).  The craft was at low altitude and it was moving faster than any aircraft I'd ever seen.  I saw the same thing about a 1/2 hour later but it was higher."
"White flashing lights seen heading east from Belmont, NH Bright white flashing lights in the sky caught our attention. We only had a view through the trees and could not make out the shape of the crafts (there appeared to be two).  One craft had multiple lights, possibly four,  blinking randomly but with only one light lit at a time. The other craft had a single, non-flashing light.  Both were moving away from us, heading roughly east, toward the Belknap mountains."
"I guess I just seen a green meteor, no big deal! It is night time.  I was just outside with my dog and happened to glance into the north-north east sky.  I seen what looked like a falling star, only it lasted longer than a normal falling star.  It gave me time to think \"Wow, when is this falling star going to go out?\"  Then ,the star turned into a larger, green light with red light around it.  Not a constructed light but like when it hit a certain part of the atmosphere, the object ignited or reacted. The object came in at an angle, like if you were on the clock and drew a straight line from the number two to the 8 approximately.  It went out (no lights) way lower in the sky but still above the ground.  I just looked it up on the internet and I guess it was a falling star or a meteor.  But it was very beautiful!"
"Very Large craft with a bright light in front of it seen near Smithfield , NC On Tuesday night around 9:33 pm my husband and I heard a very loud noise outside our home.  We went out to see what it was , we looked south in the sky from where the sound had come from and saw a Very Large Craft gliding in the air just above our house, making no noise at all, it looked kinda like a plane  but made no plane noises, it was a dark gray flat color, and had wings but shorter than a plane does,  the ends of the wings were turned up a lot higher than any plane we have ever seen.I work at a near by hospital and my husband is a auto paint and body man ,we live near an air force base so we have seen a lot of different planes over the years but nothing like this at all. The very large craft had a bright white light in the front of it moving from side to side ,the bright white light did not look as though it was part of the very large craft. There was only a red light on the bottom of the craft but no other lights and it was not flashing,all the planes we have seen around here have flashing lights on them ,  we watched the very large craft as it  glided over us without any noise at all, there were cars going on the road in front of our house, but they did not seem to notice the very large craft up in the sky just above them, they just kelp going .   we stood and watched as it moved through the sky going north west till it was out of sight and then we just looked at each other and said what do we do now . I went in and called my mother and asked her what to do, she is writing this for us cause we did not know where to go or what to do or who to tell.  she has also seen unexplained  thing in the sky as well."
"3 white lights in a triangle formation pointing down with a green light below the white lights. No strobes just solid lights. At approximately 12:15-12:20am I witnessed 3 white lights in a tight triangle formation pointing down. Below the lights there was a smaller solid green light.  There was a slight gap between the white lights and the green.  This was on NC HWY 54 westbound just after exiting from I-40 on the Durham-Chapel Hill line.  The object descended very smoothly without any lateral movement from an approximate altitude of 1000 ft. or so (rough estimation). I lost sight of it once it became obstructed by trees.  As it did so it became one solid white light.  The sighting lasted just under a minute.  The object appeared to be about a mile to my southeast.  At the time of the sighting there was a conventional smaller airplane several thousand feet up to the west-southwest of the object. I am a meteorologist and storm spotter so I am quite familiar with sky observation and explainable phenomena.  This was clearly an object under some form of intelligent control and not weather related."
"UFO's Flahing Intense Bright Light Last night, 8/29/11, my dad and I went to the yard.  It was between 8 pm and 8:30 pm.  He was having a smoke.  I was looking up.  When I notice a object fly by really fast. I told my dad so we started looking at it.  So we stayed in that position which was south east (toward the lake) when all of a sudden we saw an object flying by, but flashed a intense white bright light, then another white bright light from another object then my dad saw a really intense bright light and saw that object descend and disappeared."
"Lights over eastern Dubuque My boyfriend and I were driving from a Wisconsin and we both saw what looked like a comet stationary far away, would not move for about 1 minute, then it looked like debris was starting to separate from the \"comet\" like a meteorite, after that the debtors turned into 5 bright white lights that would appear and disappear, that lasted for a few seconds, one was left and it looked like he was throwing fire at the earth it was very bizarre after that trees were in the way, there were about 7 cars around that saw them too."
"Me and my fiance were sitting at the park when we noticed a bright light sitting for a long period  of time as if it was a star it appeared  over us as a plane with just white blinking lights while was shaped as a triangle and right by the moon was two bright twinkling lights and one at the end the same shape as a triangle  moments later it it turned a round shot into the air like a rocket and stopped sat their for a minute, then shot up a little more sat thirties and came down close by the Black Diamond mines on somersville it was not normal at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"There was a large saucer shaped object w/ white strobe lights going around it & a red flashing strobe light on the bottom in the sky I was happy to find this site, I see UFO\u2019s by my home and above it in Butler, PA, regularly. Ones with multicolored to plain orb ufo\u2019s.  At 11:37pm on June 15th 2014.  There was a large saucer shaped object with white strobe lights going around it and a red flashing strobe type light on the bottom.   This is the second time in a week, I have seen this object fly over my house.  It seems to be going west to east or north west to south east.  The first time it was on a different time and day it was moving at a high rate of speed.  Yesterday on the 15th it was coming across my house in the sky.  I was standing on my deck watching it fly over, over by the tree line is a field.  I watched it moving across at a high speed the stop and just setting in the sky it sat there for a good 3 to 4 minutes, I quickly decided to grab my Canon T2i DSLR with 650-1300mm HD Lense  Just inside my french door.  I opened the door grabbed the camera turned around, it was gone, no trace in sight anywhere not a ! out of ordinary light anywhere in the sky to be seen other then stars..   I am on the look out for this object again.  For the distance it was in the sky to the scale of a normal airplane at the same distance in the sky, I would say this object was at least 6 times the same of a normal 747. On a nightly basis, I see ufo\u2019s very high up the look like stairs move across the sky, sometimes they make a complete stop then start again and some make complete angle turns impossible for our known aircraft.  I photograph the moon a lot, I have not that I know of caught anything in my photos, but I keep attempting to photograph a UFO, it is my goal as a photographer to get one on film before i die."
"BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT MOVING ACROSS SKY SEEN ON THREE OCASSIONS ON THREE DIFFERENT OCCASIONS MY HUSBAND, A FRIEND OF MY FAMILY AND MYSELF HAVE SEEN WHAT OTHERS MAY HAVE REPORTED ON JUNE 7TH.  WE LIVE IN A RURAL AREA AND HAVE A GOOD VIEW OF THE EASTERN SKY FROM OUR BACK PORCH AND ALWAYS HAVE AN EYE UP TO THE SKY. THE NIGHT WE FIRST SAW THE LIGHT IT WAS AROUND MAY 20TH, WE THOUGHT IT WAS AN AIRPLANE.  IT WAS A BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT NOT PULSING OR BLINKING, JUST A BRIGHT LIGHT. IT MOVED RATHER SWIFTLY BUT NOT AS TO THINK IT WAS OTHER THAN A PLANE.  IT FLEW DIRECTLY OVER OUR HOME FROM THE SOUTHWEST HEADED IN AN NORTHEASTERN DIRECTION.  LIKE I SAID AT THE TIME WE THOUGHT IT TO BE A SMALL AIRCRAFT BUT WHEN IT FLEW OVER OUR HOME WE HEARD NO SOUND.  AT THE TIME THERE WERE NO CLOUDS IN THE SKY SO I DIDN'T THINK THERE SHOULD BE ANY BUFFER TO THE NOISE THAT IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN MAKING. THE SECOND TIME WAS ON THE FOLLOWING SATURDAY MAY THE 24TH.  THIS TIME THE LIGHT, SAME COLOR AND AROUND THE SAME DISTANCE IN THE SKY  CAME FROM THE EAST. MY SON AND I WERE DRIVING HOME FROM THE GROCERY STORE AND WE SEEN IT FROM OUR VEHICLE.  WE WERE ONLY A 1/4 OF A MILE IF THAT FROM OUR HOME SO WE CALLED MY HUSBAND AND TOLD HIM TO GO OUT AND LOOK TO SEE IF HE COULD CATCH A GLIMPSE OF IT ALSO. AT THIS TIME WE HAD THE SAME PEOPLE WHO WITNESSED IT INITIALLY PLUS MY SON WHO IS 8. BY THE TIME WE GOT CLOSER TO OUR HOME THE LIGHT CHANGED DIRECTION AND STARTED TOWARD THE NORTH. ( I ALSO NEED TO INTERJECT THAT ON THIS NIGHT WE HAD THUNDERHEADS OVER US AND IT WAS REALLY LIGHTING. BUT THE LIGHT WAS BELOW THE CLOUDS AND ABOUT THE SAME DISTANCE FROM THE GROUND AS THE NIGHT BEFORE.) MY SON AND I LOST SIGHT OF THE LIGHT AS WE GOT CLOSER TO OUR HOME BUT MY HUSBAND AND FRIEND OF THE FAMILY SAID THEY COULD SEE IT FROM OUT BACK PORCH ONCE AGAIN, RIGHT OVER HEAD.  AT THIS TIME I CALLED MY HUSBAND BACK AND WHILE HE WAS ANSWERING HIS PHONE OUR FRIEND USED THE BINOCULARS TO GET A CLOSER LOOK.  HE SAID WHEN HE GOT THEM TO FOCUS ON THE LIGHT AND LOOKED THE LIGHT FLASHED GREEN AND SHOT OFF TO THE NORTH AT A FASTER SPEED, AND DISAPPEARED. ON OUR THIRD AND FINAL SIGHTING THE LIGHT CAME FROM THE WEST AND WAS HEADED IN AN EASTWARD DIRECTION, AGAIN MOVING ABOUT THE SAME SPEED AND THE SAME DISTANCE UP.   IT NEVER CHANGED COLOR, MOVED ANY FASTER OR HAD ANY SOUND BUT WAS SEEN BY TWO OTHER PEOPLE BESIDES THE ORIGINAL THREE OF US.  AND WE HAVE NEVER SEEN IT SINCE. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 burning lights cruising through air 5 seconds apart.   Came from south going north not entirely in straight line but at decent pace not just floating.   Able to watch last one as it cruised north and slowly fade out or out of sight.   No idea. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"White, star like orb slowly moves across the night sky for 30 seconds While walking my dogs I was looking up at 2 stars.  Suddenly, a white oval appeared to the left of one of the stars.  I thought it was another star because it looked like one.  However, the orb slowly moved across the night sky for about 30 seconds and simply disappeared. It had no flashing lights and made no noise.  I have seen these orbs many times before."
"Neon green light filled the air just south of Harrisburg, PA While driving east on the PA turnpike about ten miles west of the Susquehanna river and just around midnight, my wife, my son, and I saw a green light fill the sky in front of us.  This light did not seem to come from a single point source, but reminded us of heat lightning.   The shape of the initial burst of light was dome-like or rounded.  It seemed as though it was fairly far away, perhaps ten to twenty miles and it appeared directly in front of us.   It filled a large portion of the sky in front of us, I would estimate 30 to 45 degrees of my field of vision.   Thus, the spread of the light would have been at least 5.2 miles across and as much as 15.7 miles across.  In searching for a more descriptive color, my wife and I both agreed on neon green.   The light kept this dome-like shape for a few seconds and then shrank in size while simultaneously changing shape, converging at the center of the ground in the shape of a farm silo.  It then disappeared.  We ne! ver actually saw anything that would have been considered an object. My wife and I are in our mid forties.  I am a college professor and my wife is a stay at home mother.  We are both educated (doctorate and masters degrees respectively).  Neither of us has seen what we would consider a UFO before.   My son is twelve years old and a good student.  I have two other children aged 10 and 6 who were in the car, but asleep at the time.   My wife and I were \"blown away\" by what we saw.  Neither of us have ever seen anything remotely like this before.   That night (once we arrived home around 12:30 a.m.) and the next day we looked for any information that might explain what we saw and could find nothing."
"2 people standing in same place and one sees UFO and other doesn't but photos tell what she saw was real We live in hoboken and have a balcony that looks at NYC and the Hudson River.  She saw a slow moving object which I didn't observe even though standing next to her.  She took pictures of this object moving from our objective left to our right (so from east to west from our perceptive of vision) she could see it and I couldn't so I asked her to take pictures. I still couldn't see the object but the camera could.  Looking at her pictures it looks like a bullet shaped object that's transparent but with color at the flying end.  What's bizarre is I didn't see the object even with her pointing until I saw the camera pictures.  I now see the glowing shape in all the pics she took but I didn't see any real time."
"Johnsonville SC lights Johnsonville South Carolina Lights   May 5th,  2009 at 8:50 pm I was making my rounds outside of a warehouse, I\u2019m a security officer. It was low overcast with clouds, no stars or the moon were visible. I was walking west when I noticed a bright gold glowing round object hovering motionless. It was much lower than plains fly.  At first I thought it was a flare but there were no movement, sparks, smoke, sound or  vapor trail. It sat there motionless for a few seconds then a second one appeared in front of it.  The same color and size.  They were both motionless.  A few seconds later a third one appeared in front of them, all three were motionless, still no sparks, smoke, sound or vapor trail.  They sit motionless for a few seconds then started to slowly move toward the east, still no sound, sparks, smoke or vapor trail. At once all three vanished.  There were no visible signs that anything had been there. The lights were visible for maybe a minute.  I could not see any planes in the area."
"7 gray lights in the evening sky. Took my dog for a walk.  Heard plane (jetliner) flying above, gone in darker area after my house for a dog to do its stuff, looked in the sky to spot the plane  Suddenly, ~7 fast moving objects, grayish colour travelled through the sky.  Formation random and changing rapidly.  No craft (man made) could fly so fast, changing formation so rapidly with absolute no sound.   There was jetlainer flying at high sky normal high ~10km.  Those objects flew ~1-3 km.  hard to say couse no visible shape just lights.  Gone through the sky from one corner untill couldnt see in 6-7s.   Too fast to be able to take photo. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Silent low flying trianglish shaped object I was outside talking on the phone at my break time and there were really low clouds, roughly 3,000 feet or so.  Something trianglish in shape flew directly over the base below the clouds from north to south at a high rate of speed and had no sound or lights.   There was no flying going on from the base, so I know by it having no sound or us having any jets flying it was abnormal as I'm outside most of the time during this time frame. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite reliable and sober-minded.  He works in the aviation industry, and is eminently able to distinguish traditional aircraft from other objects in the sky.  PD))"
"Straight line of lights 50-100 small white lights resembling stars slowly moved from one horizon to another in a straight line over the course of a minute or so. ((NUFORC Note:  Space Link satellites.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Craft with rows of red and white alternating rows of lights.  Hovered over trees in yard slowing moved away toward the east.  There was a tremendous amount of wind that was felt pushing through closed window.  The craft was very large the length of around 40 feet. All of the air was being pushed down from the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The object was shaped like the Space Shuttle or fighter jet in a way.  The object had a red gloving round plasma like object on the front tip of the triangle shaped ship.  The glowing red seemed like a energy field.   The object was low flying and slow moving almost seemed to hover.  The front had a cockpit in front with smoked windows.  Brown strip going down length of object.  No windows on side other than cockpit.  Object seemed like it would only fit one person.   Bottom of the object had no markings or cut out for landing gear.  The bottom only glowed white.  The object make a very loud noise, but not the noise of a jet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"BRILLIANT ROUND LIGHT 200 FEET AWAY SHONE INTO MY BEDROOM HYPNOTICALLY I AM NOW A RETIRED CLINICAL SOCIAL WORKER/PSYCHOLOGIST WITH MORE THAN 35 YEARS OF PRACTICE.  I WAS LIVING ALONE BACK ON JULY 15, 1990 IN A NEW TOWNHOUSE IN GLEN BURNIE, MARYLAND.  I HAD BEEN LIVING THERE FOR TWO WEEKS WHEN THE EVENT HAPPENED.  I WAS AWAKE LYING IN MY SECOND FLOOR BEDROOM WHEN AT APPROXIMATELY 2:00 AM I WAS AWAKENED BY AN ALMOST BLINDING BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT THAT SHONE DIRECTLY INTO MY EYES THROUGH AN OPEN WINDOW WITH THE SHADE TOTALLY RAISED.  THE LIGHT WAS ROUND AND AS LARGE AS ABOUT 5-6 FULL MOONS.  IT SHONE DOWN TOWARD MY EYES AT APPROXIMATELY A 45 DEGREE ANGLE FROM THE SKY. THE LIGHT SOURCE WAS ABOUT 200 TO 300 FEET AWAY FROM MY HOUSE. IT SHONE VERY MUCH LIKE A SEARCHLIGHT FROM A POLICE HELICOPTER ONLY 4 OR 5 TIMES BRIGHTER.  I KNEW IT WAS NOT A HELICOPTED BECAUSE THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO SOUND AND THE LIGHT DID NOT MOVE OR FLUTTER BUT WAS PERFECTLY STATIONERY.  I WAS COMPLETELY MESMERIZED BY THE LIGHT AND COULD NOT MOVE AS IF I WERE PARALYZED.  IT SHONE FOR WHAT I FELT TO BE ABOUT 15 MINUTED.  I DESPERATELY WANTED THE LIGHT TO STOP SHINING.  I FELT AN UNSEEN ALIEN PRESENCE CONTROLLING ME ATTENTION SO THAT I COULD NOT LOOK AWAY OR JUMP OUT OF BED.  THERE ARE NO SPECIFIC CONCEPTS OF WHAT KIND OF THOUGHTS OR TRANSMISSIONS MIGHT HAVE OCCURRED DURING THESE 15 MINUTES.  I FOCUSED WHATEVER VOLITIONAL THINKING I COULD  MUSTER ON ASKING WHOEVER OR WHATWVER WAS FLYING THIS CRAFT AND SHINING THIS LIGHT INTO MY EYES.   FINALLY I WAS RELEASEED FROM THIS CAPTIVE HYPNOTIC STATE AND WAS ABLE TO BLINK. WHEN I REOPENED MY EYES THE CRAFT AND LIGHT WERE GONE AND I FELT AN EERIES CHILL UP AND DOWN MY SPINE.   I HAVE TOLD MY TWO ADULT CHILDREN AND TWO CLOSE FRIENDS ABOUT THIS INCIDENT BUT NE ER REPORTED IT TO THE POLICE FOR FEAR OF BEING LABELED AS NUTS.  I CAN ASSURE YOU THAT I AM VERY STABLE MENTALLY AND AM NOT PRONE TO HALLUCINATIONS OR DELUSIONS,  I COULD SUPPLY YOU WITH MANY MANY SOUND MINDED UPSTANDING CITIZENS WHO COULD ATTEST TO MY CREDIDBILITY.   OCCASSIONALLY I HAVE BAD DREAMS ABOUT THIS EXPERIENCE."
"I saw a fireball go across the night sky from east to west; very fast, no noise, no trail. I saw an orange/red ball of fire go across the night sky from east to west directly over my house.  It was much larger than any shooting star or meteor that I had ever seen.  There was no tail and no noise whatsoever.  It appeared to be somewhat low in the sky; the moon was out and visible, but it was cloudy and no stars could be seen.  This object was far below the cloud cover.  I half expected it to crash off to the west or hit the tree tops.  I ran to follow it as it moved, but my view was obscured by trees, and I lost sight of it.  There were no blinking lights and no real specific shape to it.  Any suggestions?"
"the first one we saw was probably doing half of warp speed,it moved very swiftly,the technology's got to be incredible for the way it moved,probably might have even been fractal and then decided to make itself appear for a short time~the second one was clearer and for longer probably 5sec,made itself obvious because it changed altitude twice in those 5 sec if u know what I mean and it was moving fast."
"We had just been released from church and was getting gas at Walmart in Poteau (Murphy's USA), when I looked up and saw two triangle craft just in front of us.   I grabbed my camera and took pictures of these craft.  Just decided over the last few days to report this sighting.  My wife, son, myself and a Murphy's USA attendant plus other people who were in Walmart parking lot could see the 2 crafts.  They hung in the sky for about 10 minutes and then just like turning off a light they disappeared.   I will be sending you the picture of this event and maybe you can make heads or tails of it."
"a light that looked like a star was moving and then vanished. RE: UFO? in Seattle I was out on the porch looking south at the moon, and thought at first that I was looking at a star. It was to the left of the moon.  As I was looking around at the stars around the moon, I realized this was moving west.  It looked like one of the other stars, with the same white-bluish color, there was no flashing or any change in color or any trace behind its movement.  As I was watching it travel, at that distance must have been going close to warp speed :), its light just vanished into deep space.  It simply disappeared. UFO? or what? It was not a plane for sure, nor a satellite as the light just vanished. I'd like to know if anyone else saw this. (Oct. 6, 2019 8:10pm)"
"It looked like a small fire ball hovering over the outskirts of the ciity and moved very slow. We were sitting out side our house, when we witnessed an orange egg shaped glowing object.   We got up and it was hovering over an empty field.   We took a video but it was not bright enough to see in the taping.  It hovered for Bout 2 minutes.  The it made a ray of light into the clouds.   Then the egg shaped object moved and made a circle and went back to the same spot where we first seen it.  Then we lost sight of the egg shaped object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"While coming from the store in central phx, I lookup and saw this intense light just hovering no not that it was fix no plane or helicopter nor a flare it's zoom to the northeast it's was circular ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was driving east on hwy 640 approaching hwy 17 which was approximately 1 mile out.  I drive this route often and at night I tend to look at the lights on the towers which are 2 miles and 3 miles down the perfectly straight section of road respectively. On this particular night there was low laying fog in patches everywhere.  As I was looking at the tower lights I saw a blue to white light streak across the sky horizontaly north to south.  I'm not sure if I saw it right when it lit up or just that it caught my eye but right when I saw the UFO the light immediately went out after traveling from peripheral to peripheral.  It did not leave a steak in the sky is was able to see a focused light with no tail. It was impossible to access altitude or distance.  I've seen meteors that were slow fireballs; meteors that were white and streaky, and meteors that lit up the sky and meteor showers.  This was not that.  I always look up when I can and this is a new one too me.  No noise.  No moon.  Very clear skies."
"Five orange balls over west Maui. Five orange fireballs heading north to south over ocean in Kahana, west Maui   Very bright, brighter on the bottom.  One after the other, 2 - 5 mins apart. ((NUFORC Note:  We have changed the date above.  We have attempted to call the source of the report, but unsuccessfully.  We cannot be certain that this is a serious report.  PD))"
"A supersonic plane? UFO seen at night as a bright light like a star except brighter traveling very fast headed northeast.  It seemed to wobble side to side a little.   It took about 60 seconds to travel the majority of the sky, and may have made one minor direction change.  As it moved off in the distance it all of a sudden shut off the bright light and seemed to have a red glow before we could no longer see it.  I think it was some sort of supersonic aircraft that was flying along with its afterburners then shut them down. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Slow moving teardrop like red light in sky and dropping shooting-star like material. I do not have a word processor. Looked up at sky viewed a teardrop shape bright red object that was slow moving and very close. This object was dropping what looked like shooting star material from its bottom. It came close dropped 4 times material, then it started heading east ascending higher and quickly vanished from sight. I'm still wondering exactly what it could be, to slow moving to be a falling star or meteor the movement itself was not that of a fireball plane helicopter or drone.  One things for sure it was beautiful.  I can only hope others also viewed it and NASA can describe exactly what it is or was. Thank you (location Ball road between Knott ave and Western)"
"I witnessed 7 lights moving at a very high rate of speed going North West across the sky On 3/15/15, at 1:30am, Over Cherry Hill, NJ, I walked outside my front door, like I usually do on clear nights.  I looked up at the stars.  When I looked up I noticed what looked like the stars were moving.  They were very bright, brighter than anything else in the sky.  There were 7 lights in a line.   As they passed over at a very high rate of speed, and I know they were moving fast because when I watched planes fly over that are very high up and look very small, they move what looks like so slow across the sky. These lights were going 20x's faster.  They made absolutely no sound.  This was Early in the morning, no cars were outside and you could hear a pin drop.  The lights started crossing each others paths, then 3 split off and started moving west while the others went north west but just as they went out of site the three came back.   It was very fast, I would say about 45seconds and they were gone."
"5 orange lights change intensity and move around in western sky near horizon. In the western sky, my dad saw three bright orange-red lights were hovering in a straight line.  I went outside and they soon began to move apart in random directions.  One very bright light stayed in the same place for most of the time while others randomly moved away and came back to the stationary light.  The moving lights would sometimes die off to the point you could not see them, but then eventually reappeared again. At one point, one light moved toward the stationary light and disappeared when it met it.  The stationary light moved rapidly a short distance to the left and quickly went back to its place. The lights gradually seemed to be dimmer or farther away and eventually we could not see them any more.  The stationary light seemed to be the brightest and at one point flashed from bright red to orange, to blue to white. These lights did not have flashing lights like a traditional aircraft and moved in ways that are nearly impossible to our technology. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible stars??  PD))"
"changes shape it took 30 mins or so to move a few feet in the ski from my perspective.  it would pulse in size and move methodically with short bursts left or right.  started as a orb and would change in to a triangle or what looked three close paterned orbs.  Planes were flying over allot faster than this.  in all took 30 mins and then it was coverd by clouds and it was really low. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a sighting of Venus.  PD))"
"a strange flash seen in sky showing evidence of ufo Two of my friends and I were walking around town when one of us described seeing a flash across the sky. We first believed it was lighting but with the absence of clouds, noise and it appearing in different colors we began getting concerned.  It continued for another 20 min showing in different brightness levels and colors. We tried to show a parent but it wouldn\u2019t show.  It stopped for about five minutes and began once we tried to show another parent who witnessed it.  We did some research and found similar sightings near the area over the years."
"Light object in sky during day time on 10/9/13 in Greenfield, IN In Greenfield, IN.  Approximately above the Mt. Comfort airport. (believe it was recently renamed). It was daylight outside and I looked up and saw an object that was stationary in the sky but it seemed to be flashing on and off.  My mom and sister both saw the object and were wondering what the light was.  It couldn't have been a star because like I said previously, it was still daylight, around 5:00 or 6:00 pm.  I went and grabbed my binoculars to get a better look of the object and surprisingly it was still there for the time it took me to find them.  The object was still disappearing and reappearing as if it was blending in with the sky. I was finally able to get a look at it with my binoculars and I saw two dark circular objects that were in a formation (one was above and the other was below).  I lost track of them through the binoculars and looked back up into the sky without them and it was gone."
"Low flying military aircraft seen in the area which is out of the ordinary. On Sunday July 4th 2010 about 19:30  I was inside my home and heard military sounding jets flying rather low around the area.   I went outside and saw 2 what appeared to be F-15\u2019s, due to the dual vertical stabilizers on the tail, flying at a rather low altitude.  They made two rather large circular passes at (not more than a few thousand feet up) and then proceeded in a south westerly direction.   I also saw a C-17 flying a couple hundred feet level over the old Norton Air Force Base at the same time.  I lost sight of both aircraft (C-17 and F15\u2019s) due to the trees near my home.  This lasted maybe 5 minutes in total.   I am born and raised in this community and have not seen anything like this since the Air Force Base was an active military facility some 15 years ago or more."
"My husband were driving on 294 near O\u2019hare Airport in Chicago, Illinois, on our way to St.  Louis.  Was taking random pics there was at the moment, 1 commuter aircraft that had just passed going out of my pic to the right.   Upon looking at the pic I noticed what appears to be a \u201cdisk like or \u201chat-like\" metalic  shape\" with a  lighter color \u201cunderbelly\" outlined by a dark ring there also appears to be 1  smaller object with it off to the left and up and I have same image in same spot in 3 pics. Time was 12:53 conditions\u2026.cloudy/overcast no rain in area.  Pics taken on galaxy s9+."
"Transparent triangular shape craft flew across US1 20 mins north of Key West made no sound."
"2 Glowing Lights in Marshfield, MA We had just finished dinner in Brant Rock and driving back to Plymouth on the back road via Rt 14. Heading South west we noticed 2 round objects glowing high in the sky. One was closer to us, the other was much higher. At first we thought it could have been a couple of drones, then thought it could have been Chinese lanterns but they had a steady, controlled movement about them. The were glowing and were spaced well apart from each other. When we came to a stop sign, we looked around and couldn't see them anymore."
"Triangle shaped object with yellowish/orange lights flying over middle TN around midnight Hi,   My brother and I saw something fly over our house on November 19th at approximately 11:45/11:55 pm CT.  It was in the shape of a huge triangle.  It was one dark solid object and, If I had to guess, I'd say there were 5 to 6 round shaped lights on each side.  The lights were a yellowish/orange color, kinda the same as streetlights.  The lights didn't blink at all (like you would expect to see on airplane's).  Either it was military or something local/something to do with Christmas...? Idk (I doubt).  It was flying in the northwest direction. This object made no noise whatsoever.  If you wasn't looking up at exactly the right time, you most likely wouldn't have seen it. I was just wondering if anyone in middle Tennessee area had seen the same thing?  Or anyone at all in the southeast?  Just curious!  If so, I would like to be contacted via e-mail if possible.  Thanks."
"Cluster Formation of Red Slow Moving Star-like Objects We were headed back to our car in the parking lot and spotted a cluster of very slowly moving red star-like objects.  We watched for a moment and they did not appear to change  color or flash in any manner (As a helicopter light would), only seemed to head in the direction of North at an extremely slow pace. Three of the objects were in a large triangle shaped flying pattern the other 4 or so were trailing behind in an un-patterned cluster. As I got out my phone to take a picture, a few of the objects had already dissappeared.  The group of three seemed to not move for a moment of time then slowly began to move again and then dissipate. My picture turned up with many perfectly rounded & spaced red auras with an odd shaped white disk-like light. This happened at the edge of North Las Vegas as you enter into the Mountainous desert region."
"One night I was outside looking up the night sky, I saw this bright orange object it was like it wasn't moving then a few nights later a friend of mine came up to me and said he saw the same thing a few nights later I don't know what to think of this usually if I stay in there for 5 minutes or longer you can tell if it's a plane or not I waited did not see any blinking lights so I just said forget it I'm going inside and that is it ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Two bright stars faded simultaneously in approx. 4 seconds. I came back from my morning run in Fremont CA. at about 5:30 in the morning on the morning of Nov. 11th 2005.  I was facing W-SW when I finished my run, and turned to my right to end up facing NW.  I immediately noticed two stars in the constellation Cassiopeia that were very bright.  The stars were separated by a distance equal to the width of my thumb at arms length.  They were as bright as Venus, and equal to each other in magnitude.  I knew the stars were out of place, and thought I was witnessing some strange double supernova.  The sky was crystal clear without a hint of clouds. I was thinking about looking them up and finding out what was going on when, as I was looking at them, they both faded simultaneously to the point of invisibility in about 4 seconds. I never took my eyes off of them through the whole event. I would say that I had been looking at them for about 30 seconds. They didn't belong there in the first place. I could not make sense of what I was seeing, and still can't. The stars were stationary the whole time. At first I thought I might be looking at a couple of geosynchronous satellites that were rotating through a position of reflecting to non-reflecting, but the position was too far north of the Celestial Equator. I don't think we can place geosynchronous satellites in orbits that far off of the Celestial Equator. I don't know what I saw, but I definitely saw it. I have asked several astronomy buffs, and some of my friends that work with satellites. No answer. This seems to count as a UFO however high it was flying, and I just needed to let someone know other than my circle of friends. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Saucer shaped object  about  ten feet in diam. In 1947 two female school teachers were driving home one early evening when they noticed a circular saucer shaped craft about ten feet in diameter resting on the ground about 150 feet from the  road.   Four  little people (about four feet tall)in  overalls were milling around the strange craft. The  two  woman were  totally ignored by them.  As the  woman drove slowly by  they looked back  to see the little people vanish into the  craft, and zoom out of sight.  This event was told to the daughter of one of the school teachers.   The daughter, now in  her late 80's told  this writer the  story.  The writer  of this encounter thought it would be of interest to your organization.   Thank you!. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date in 1947 is approximate.  PD))"
"Silver object in sunlight.  Like an upside down V.  Faded to gray as it flew away southwest out of sunlight.  Then made sudden change of direction and accelerated away to the east. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Extremely bright UFO staionary then spirals away out of sight. This is the second UFO sighting Ihave experienced. I was looking in the sky as I normally do when I step out at night since my previous sighting in 2004. I observed an extremely bright light from slightly to the west of the constellation Big Dipper (Ursa Major). It was about centered between Megrez and Phad, the two stars on the side of the Dipper near the \"handle\" and slightly out of line with them to the west. There was no star or planet there the night before and the sky was clear. I thought it looked too bright and too twinkly. I thought it may be an airplane with its landing lights on but as I stared at it it did not move. It did appear \"twinkle\" a lot more than any of the other stars. I moved back and forth west to east and back a 100ft or so,  to try and get a feeling of how close it was. It did not appear to change its position relative to the nearby stars. It must have been very high up, possibly not even in the atmosphere. Just as I was about to say \"Hmm\" and go inside, it changed from its bright white twinkly color to yellow and through to red and made a clockwise spiral that decreased in radius as it moved toward the SSW (toward the star Mizar in the middle of the \"handle\"). The movement was so rapid it appeared to leave a trail to my eyes. The yellow to red color got dimmer as it spiraled off to the southwest. It disappeared in only a second after it moved, so the spiral was visible for a short time, but it was not very long."
"A yellow ball of light \"turned on\" flickered then shot downward at a rapid speed for two seconds and vanished. Picayune Mississippi.  Driving north on Interstate 59  Approx 3 miles from exit 10. Looking straight ahead in the night sky a yellow ball of light appeared to \"turn on\" flickered for a moment it then shot at a very very rapid speed downward at an angle for approx. two seconds then vanished."
"I woke up and saw my dog at the window looking at something.  It was cold outside and I went to go shut the window and looked out to see what he was looking at and saw a bright light at the top of the tree line not far away.  One of the lights was moving around pointing down toward the ground as if searching for something.  A few seconds later the lights disappeared.  I heard no sound at anytime."
"Took a photo of a castle in Lisbon, Portugual, and upon examination of the iphone 5S photo, 2 strange light formations can be clearly seen in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Photo shows two clusters of seemingly green lights, against the night sky.  Source indicates that the photo was taken from outdoors, so the lights cannot be reflections off the inside of a window.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) I was outdoors in the walking towards the right, at around 9 PM at night. As to your questions there was no glass I was shooting through and no class in front if my lens, it was shot straight I I the air. ((END ADDENDUM))"
"I saw something  unbelievable it was  a  lonelly evening i was  working at a  private school in belmont, and  i was locking up the building and as i was preparing to go home i liiked ((sic.  Looked)) out a  picture window which was very large by the  front  door  to the  right  of  the  entrance   i  saw something that was  unbelievable  it  was  very scarry. it was  a very large  vehicle about 20 to 30 feet of the  ground .  it had a  very large  door  open and  i could  tell this couldnt  be  happening the  vehicle  was  as big as a  3 family house and it was a  rust colored  steel color very thick steel of some  kind it was  just vibrating and  movind  very slow  i hid  behind a  pole  praying the  thing  didnt  see me  and i stayed thier .i looked at it for about 3 to 4 min approximatly . i then peeked  out and it was  gone . it was  something that defied  gravity. it also had a  humming sound  .i looked  good when i first saw this  thing and i couldnt se any kind  of  anyone  or thing inside it it was ! very dark inside where the  door if it was a door  was  opened .this thing was  unbelievablle . and it really terrifid  me . ((NUFORC Note:  We have attempted to contact the source of the report, in order to determine whether it is a hoax, or whether it is intended as a serious-minded report.  PD))"
"the object was more fast than an air plane. a large flying saucer made of shiney metal. craft was going about 800 mph. was about 40 feet across and 20 feet high. did not have a brigh light. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  Possible hoax.  PD))"
"3 bright red lights over Billings, Montana. This evening (4/3/2014) at approximately 8:20pm I went outside and seen 3 bright red lights in the sky as I faced in the Southern direction.  The three lights were heading towards me going north.   At first they were moving horizontally together.  The object on the left seemed to slow down and immediately started to fade out.    While this happened the object in the center made two sporadic movements.  It seemed to slow down and then move to the right and back to the left.  The object on the left continued to fade until I could no longer see it.  While fading in brightness, it still remained red.  I ran to my brother\u2019s house next door to mine and rang the doorbell.   I continued watching the lights and the two remaining lit up objects began to fade at the same time.  My brother and his wife came outside but by the time they looked up the lights had faded.   I continued watching and in the horizon I could make out two objects that looked like parachutes getting closer to the ground.  They were far away from where I was but if they continued to fall they would have landed on the rims here.  Logan international airport is on top of the rims and would have been extremely close to the area where these object were heading.   I continued to watch in the sky for about 10 more minutes but did not see any other activity.  I came in my house and did not know who to call but remembered the UFO hotline that I heard about from Coast to Coast.   I called and gave a brief statement on the phone.  I called KTVQ news station here in Billings, but the lady I talked did not hear of any sightings or strange lights in the sky."
"I have never seen anything like it before On the deck of my house looking at moon all of a sudden different types of lights flashing from moon view it appeared to light up and dim down no sound but very changing orbital bright lights I notified of they did not see what I saw so if anyone saw this you would know it was not from our world. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"crazy flying things! there was a tornado that had gone through my dads girlfriends back yard,her house sits on a hill so her back yard is at the bottem of the hill its almost like a huge creek that runs through it with a pond. but after the tornado there was no water left.  a couple of days later i came over there to help my dad clean up the mess. i had just gotten there and started to help cut some of the fallen trees, soon the neighbors had come over and started to ask us if we could help them place there camper on there land. they had there backs truned to the back yard and we were facing them looking towards the back yard. all of a sudden i saw this small bright metal disk flying in the sky but not that high it was lower, so it was just above the hill. then like 2 seconds later another one came, then a few more seconds later they came back crossed over each other and were gone.it was almost as if it was looking around to see what happend or something. i couldnt believe what i had seen so i didnt say ne thing but i looked at my dad and he was looking at me like he had seen it too. we didnt say nething while the neighbors were there becasue we didnt even believe it ourselves and im sure if we would have said something they would have thought we were crazy. but once we had gotten inside we both told each other what we had seen i was very freaked out and i still am. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orange/red lights in sky there were 2 red/orange lights in the sky and were traveling in an unusual pattern. Then they suddenly disappeared. six more lights then followed."
"alien in the woods I was seven years old. Lived on Whidbey  Island.  My brother and I used to play in the woods right behind the elementary school (Oak Harbor Elementary). On this particular day it was hot and  as we were playing army I lost sight of my brother. So I started running while looking for him. I remember as I was running I felt like an electrical charge, all of my hair was standing up on my arms and my ears felt funny.  Almost like when you are up high in altitude. I looked to my left and I saw a 12 to 13 inch high humanoid running beside me on a log keeping up, and it turned its head and looked at me. The most horrifying thing was when it smiled. It had a really big mouth with a lot of teeth. It might have been small but I will never forget the terror I felt. I immediately stopped and turned to run in the opposite direction when I felt something extremely cold, Large, square, hit my back and sent me flying about 10 feet through the air. It knocked me out. When I woke up, I went home and complained to my dad about my back. I was bruised with a black and blue square mark about half the size of my back. I never told my dad how I got the bruise, but it was so traumatic that to this day I will not go to far into the woods by myself. I always have to be able to see a clear path to my car. I have never gone back to those woods on Whidbey Island. I hope this helps in your quest for knowledge. I do believe something is there. Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"4 witnesses watch lit object w/directional flight, hovering, backward movement. Sighting approx. 3 minutes; return path 1 1/2 hr. later On Monday, 17 Sept, 2007, myself, my husband, and two of our out of state {W. VA} friends were at our pond on our property in Southwest Virginia, bordering Hawkins County, TN. We had fished for a couple of hours, then built a fire, had some supper, and eventually gathered the lawn chairs around the fire and played music. The other three were all picking various acoustic instruments, while I sat back listening, watching the sky occasionally, and enjoying the music for an hour or so. I stretched out, and just looked over my left shoulder while flexing my neck muscles. A bright yellow orange light caught my eye, coming from the north over Clinch Mt., and moving in an easterly direction. I immediately sat up, turning toward it. It was stationary at first, then moved forward slowly, hovered, and then moved back again to its original position. I knew then it was not a plane. I grabbed my husbands knee, as he was picking a banjo, and pointed to the object. He looked and stopped playing immediately after watching for just a couple of seconds. He then told our friends, who were sitting with their backs to the object, to \"stop now, and get a look at this\". It was that quickly apparent that this was out of the ordinary. The time was approximately 23:15, on a clear night, no clouds, and no background lights, as we live in the country.  We watched this light go in a controlled yet occasionally erratic pattern for about three minutes. At one point, it went from a 1 or 2 o'clock position, to a 7 o'clock position, then back. It would hover, then go forward slowly, deliberately, and had occasional almost jerking movements back to its previous hovering point, then jumping ahead slightly, and then moving smoothly.  I had a Nikon D50 with me, and a Hitachi digital dvd camera. Neither of them would work. They both had fully charged Li ion batteries. [I had both of these present, and fully charged, to record some of our annual get-together music]. I was very surprised about my digital SLR, as I quickly changed settings, wondering why it would not work, as I had taken several shots previous to this sighting. I tried to just fire the flash of the camera, to see if there would be a reaction of some sort from the object. The flash would not fire. I was torn between trying to figure this out, knowing I'd be missing part of what this object was doing. I tried the the video cam...nothing. It would not record. I put them both down, deciding to just watch, while mentally cursing the manufacturers of what I thought was fairly good digital equipment.  By this time, the object was halfway between Clinch Mt. and Pine Ridge. We continued watching its movement, fairly slow, deliberate, with occasional moments of hovering, until it could no longer be seen over Pine Ridge. No blinking lights were seen by three witnesses. The fourth thought he might have seen a blinking red light, but not at all times. There was absolutely no sound. The estimated time of sighting is three minutes. I knew something extraordinary had been seen, and we were all fascinated, not really knowing what to think, except that it was definitely not a plane or helicopter.  About 1 1/2 hours later, we were still around the campfire, still playing music. I was listenening, still watching the sky occasionally. The approximate time was 00:45. What I believe to be the same object came around again, this time from the south, traveling north. Easy to see, and still absolutely no sound, and definitely no blinking lights. Same bright yellow orange color. The movement this time was just as slow, though not as erratic. Short periods of hovering were observed intermittently, then a continuation of a fairly straight path. This second pass took about two to two and one half minutes to cover the area, where it disappeared over Clinch Mountain. We all agreed that this was the same object seen earlier. After this, we called it a night and came home.  While the event occurred, it seemed to me personally that I was seeing it, yet at the same time not really believing that this was something I could not explain. Just remarkable; I really can not find the perfect word. Totally amazing falls a bit short.  For informational purposes, about 5 minutes later, I picked up the Nikon to see if I could take a shot; it worked perfectly, still showing a full battery charge."
"Observed two stationary bright lights which began moving very slowly upward I woke early and looked out at the night sky to watch the early dawn arrive.  Instead, I saw two bright lights, one above and larger than the other.  The lights appeared to be stationary.  I watched for about 15 minutes, then left to make coffee.   I returned to the window and the lights had moved upward.  I returned to my computer to make a report, which I have never done before.  I returned to the window and the lights had again moved upward.  They are still present, but as the sky lightens, they are harder to see. The lights are South of my house, unobserved from the North.  The lights move together as if part of an object.  I did not see a physical object, just lights."
"I have photos of unknown light from Heard Co. GA mountain top. While I made a trip to a mountaintop west of the city of Franklin, I took two photos.I was told the mountain top was the highest point in Heard Co. I was with six other people.  The best view was to the west.  My grandfather's old home place was about 20 miles to the west.  We were trying to locate an mircowave tower that was not too far from the old home place.  We could just see it. it was around 2:00 to 3:00pm so the sun was still high in the sky so we wer not viewing the sunset.  We did not see anything but a distance view,trees and green except the distant microwave tower.  I had just purchased a new camara so I shot two photos befor we when back down the mountain. Later that afternoon I viewed the pictures I took.  The first photo of the mountain top had a strange light in it.  The light appeared to be just over the tree tops a few miles away. I thought that maybe the sun was reflecting from something, except I had not seen anything for it to reflect off of.  Then I thought may be a drop of something may be on the camara lens.  The #2 photo had the same light but it was to the right of the photo because I had shot the view more to the left.  It proved to me that the light was not caused from anything on the lens.  My camara was not set on flash so the light was not from it. The more I looked at the photos the more it appears that my camara had been able to catch the images of something that my and others with me could not see."
"Bright round light drifted straight down from the sky. I do not know that this was a craft.  However it was a UFO in the sense that it was in the sky before dawn and drifted downwards.  I was up using the bathroom and returned to my bed.  I have very large windows across the front of my home.  My husband and I live in a very rural area, often referred to as the bush because the forest is so dense.  I was adjusting myself in bed when I saw out my window a bright white light, orb shape, that seemed very controlled in its descent.  Not a streak across the sky, but a round white light that drifted straight down.  It appeared in my windows size frame as a softball shape and sife, but I could not tell the distance of it, or the correct size.  The odd thing is that it came straight down.  There are mountains in front of my home a mile away or so, and it had to be in front of the mountains.  I did not see any trails of light or any aura around the bright orb.  It also drifted down, not a fast descent, but one that seeme! d controlled.  It was not a plane, and was not like anything I could identify."
"Bright light staying perfectly still in s western sky and below cloud line Hudge light in s west sky comes out just before dark,staying in the sky up to 4-5hrs. Sometimes it moves slightly, usually standing totaly still? On 11/26/16 around 7:30-8:00pm, we watched it go out, as it did often then turn back on, however,at this time, it shut brite light out and we could see small lights on object on as it moved in an eastern direction, almost overhead of us, when it tirned back on for a moment, before turning completly off and disappear completely from site"
"Red-Gold Orb over Plano ,Texas June 27. 2010 5:45pm. Still Daylight.  Periodic slight cirrus types of clouds were in the sky. I was in the pool at my friends house in Plano , Texas.  I looked up into the sky looking east and noticed a tiny pulsing REDish Gold spec of light in the air.  It was moving northward very slowly. The object was about the size of a head of a pin seen at arms length. I observed for about 5 minutes.  It stopped moving and stayed in a stationary position..  I said to myself that i am going to go to my car to get my digital canon camera.  And i did. When i got back it was hard to relocate the object at first but i finally was able.  It was sitting there for another 4 minutes and then slowly moved off to the north... Minutes later, I noticed another Goldish red orb in another area in the sky.  Basically overhead but  just a few degrees off to the south from just overhead...  It was larger  or lower and perhaps at the cirrus cloud height.  I took a few pictures with my canon camera..   Again it was still broad daylight and it almost seemed to glisten in a red gold type of light..  It was not close enough to tell if it was actually metallic or if it was a light.  I decided for some strange reason to turn the flash on the camera to on..  When I did that and took a photo.  The object that was standing stationary in the sky for about 5 minutes rapidly accelerated toward the southwest..   And then accelerated again and vanished. It was a two stage acceleration, going from still to rapid speed m then suddenly accelerates again to super fast and it was gone. When looking at the photo that I took,  and after I enlarged it,  looks  like all those other photos that you would see of UFOs in the national enquirer, and I laughed to myself.. To the naked eye it was more visible and did not represent any known aircraft.  It was neither a bird nor a balloon.  I did not know of any bird or balloon that will accelerate the way this thing did, or stay stationary they it did while being watched in the North Texas sky.. Photo to be sent in Email"
"Redish orange ovalish objects. silent. moving up fro behind a big church and then moving north west I went outside at 4:00 am because my husband was yelling at me to get outside.  I saw 3-4 oval in shape but a reddish orange color ufo's in the sky.  The glow was more like the light a candle would put off but of course much larger but that kind of a glow not like the light from a headlight or electric light bulb.  There is a large church a block to the east of me.  The church has a large steeple. the objectscame up from behind the church straight up and then moved at a slowish speed up about what I would say is maybe a half a mile and moved in a north west direction.  The objects came up one at a time and followed the exact pattern of the craft in front of it.   They stopped overhead of us and they just sat in the sky for several minutes.  Then they disappeared one at a time. the first one up dissapearing first then the second and then the third and so on.  If I had to compare the size I would say about the size of a vw bug.  It's hard to say because of the distance and the bright glow and of course I was very excited.   I was waving my arms at them and there was just one left in the sky and just before it disappered it flashed. and my husband/ boyfriend said wow it flashed at you.  I was so tripping on it .  I tell you,  it was great. There is no way this was a lantern or anything like that. the movments were percise and intentional.  There was no sound from these crafts at all. silent.  It was raining outside not very hard at the time."
"Bright triangular white light with two much smaller circular lights that flew with it. On November 19, 2007 while on a deer hunt in Lyman County, South Dakota, my son and I were sitting in the dark at approximately 6:30 a.m. waiting for first light. I spotted a very bright white light that was moving across the sky and pointed it out to my son and asked him if he thought it could be a satellite or an airplane. We both agreed it was far too bright and too close to be a satellite or airplane. Plus, it wasn\u2019t making any noise. With the naked eye it appeared to be round in shape, but when I checked it out with my binoculars it looked more triangular. It continued to move across the sky from west to east. But what REALLY got our attention was when two much smaller circular lights flew right past it going the opposite direction and then appeared to circle around behind it. Surprisingly we weren\u2019t really scared, but more interested than anything else. Could it have been some bizarre military flight, or was it truly a UFO? I\u2019m convinced it was, even though no one really believes us. My son is a young teenager and I'm a late 40's business executive with no science background. This was a unique experience for us and something we'll talk about for a long time. ((NUFORC Note:  Overflight of ISS.  PD))"
"I saw 3 UFO's, they were shaped like a triangle, had slow flashing lights, and disappeared after 2 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A dark circular object with red lights around it constantly rotating It was late at night me and my 2 siblings were watching tv and we saw about 6 light flashes, it wasn\u2019t lighting or thunder because there was no clouds and our tv popped and shut down.  Me and my brother ran outside to see what it was and went all around the house while my sister stayed on the porch.  She saw a circular object with red lights around it and called our names.  We ran and saw the object for a couple seconds and then it faded away.  A couple days later our grass was burnt into a perfect circle. ((NUFORC Note:  We would like to correspond with the source of the report, but he/she elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information.  Possible hoaxed report??  PD))"
"Bell shaped object emiting bright light from bottom spotted near Gillette Wyoming. While getting ready to watch a firework competition at the Cam-Plex, my wife and I noticed a bright \"ball\" of light in the sky.  The object was kinda to our backs and appeared to be at about 2,000'-3,000'AGL moving rather slow from north to south. I had a pair of binoculars so I used them to get a closer view. What I saw when viewed through the binoculars was a \"bell\" shaped object with the ball of light coming out from the bottom center. At this point I passed the binoculars to my wife who witnessed the same thing. At this point the object then took a eastward heading and began to climb at a rather rapid pace. Also note that when the object was viewed through the binoculars there were no strobe lights or any other significant aircraft markings. When the object went east it was virtually passing right above us. My wife had the binoculars at that point in time. She stated that the object then went straight up with a little side to side movement. Within a couple of seconds the object had left the atmosphere and was out of sight. My knowledge of aircraft is quite extensive as I am a student pilot, served as an aircrew member with the US Air Force and have worked as an air base firefighter. My wife is currently in school to become an R.N."
"There is One bright floating object RIGHT NOW over Dullas international airport being circled by a police helecopter.  eyes can not see ny more unidentified objects but thoughthe camera lens, there are at lease sevral more and one came and attached to it! LOOK NOW!   I have some video footage but ran out of memory!"
"An object with red & green lights flashing on & off and clear lights in the middle it stayed in the same place for at least ten minutes It was 6:00 in the morning.  I was walking to my car when I see colored lights in the sky.  The object appeared to be saucer shaped.  On one end the light was green flashing on & off.  On the other side was a red light flashing on & off.  In the middle were clear lights.  It stayed in the same position for at least 10 minutes then the colors faded out & the object faded & got smaller like a star but it kept pulsating.  Brighter then dimmer.   This event occurred in cumming ga August 23, 2010."
"Kingston,  NY Two brilliant red stationary lights accelerate quickly in coordinated fashion and disappear Coming home from work south on Highway 32, just south of Kingston Bridge.  Two very brilliant red lights, below cloud cover, seemed to be hovering over the land fill to my left.  They were stationary because as I continued north to the stoplight that leads to the entrance of the land fill, I was getting closer to them and the angle changed. When I stopped at the stoplight they were pretty close, still brilliant red, no blinking--one was higher than the other at about a 45 degree angle.  I noticed that the driver in the vehicle to my right (I was in left lane) was looking at them too.  Before our light turned green the two lights suddenly and in completely coordinated fashion, accelerated quickly to the north and disappeared.  I've been living in this area for some time and am familiar with the various helicopters and small planes that frequent the area.  (There is a small private airport about five miles south of where the sighting occurred).  I've never seen any! thing quite like this before."
"Really bright orange light descending over Crown Point/Merrillville area near Broadway Methodist Hospital. Both witnesses prior service members and college graduates.  No alcohol or any other substances were ingested."
"((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness, who elects to remain anonymous.  PD))"
"Bright lights in western sky that hover and change directions Starting on Saturday, August 17th at 9 pm my friends and I have repeatedly witnesses two objects in the sky. One of these objects is stationary for 10-15 minutes.  It is a bright white/blues light that dims and gets brighter. It is joined by a second, smaller object that appears to the North side.  The smaller object moves towards the bigger object, almost as if the were merging . The smaller object then moves away and moves around the bigger object.  It changes direction, appears and disappears eventually moving to the North and disappearing  . The larger object then begins to get really bright, it dims and then very slowly it starts to move . We have had high altitude clouds in the sky but these are are well in front of the cloud cover. I have talked with the people at our Planetarium.  They have told me how different things in the sky move. This does not appear to be anything that I can explain."
"Fireworks type explosion seen in the dark sky just above horizon at 22:00 on 03/18/16. seen from outside on the deck while i was petting my cats.    explosion of fire colored clustered lights just over horizon approximate distance - 20 miles away.    duration less than a minute followed by a not to loud booming sound."
"Glowing sphere moving much faster than any aircraft I've seen near that altitude. I went out to have a cigarette and I saw a glowing white circle of light very high up that was glowing brighter than most of the stars in the sky,  it was moving much faster than any aircraft I've seen near that altitude.  It was moving North to South when I first noticed it and after about 30-45 seconds it immediately changed direction heading East South East and appeared to be increasing in altitude.   There were no flashing lights, it slowly got smaller until it dimmed out and I couldn't see it anymore leading me to believe it was increasing in altitude.  I decided to report it because I haven't seen aircraft quite that high up and the closest to that altitude that I have seen them the flashing lights were always clearly visible and this was just glowing white."
"Large strange light shapes in sky flying in loose formation in semi-circle, then off in a straight line. I just saw 5 or 6 UFOS in the sky under cloud cover above Rochester, NY. I thought it was a spotlight advertisement at first glance, but then immediately saw the objects were large and far up--under cloud cover--but highly visible. They moved in loose formation and seemed to circle around a bit and then they kept going straight and disappeared.   It\u2019s 8pm in Rochester, New York."
"Large orange/red glowing cigar shaped object seen off Man O' War blvd. This sighting happened approximately one year ago. I was driving down Man O'War Blvd one evening at around 7 or 8 pm, returning from my University.  I turned right onto Winchester Rd by the channel 36 news station headed towards Paris.  I love the scenery out in that area, and turned my head to look at one of the beautiful farms there.   Right above the horizon at a distance I cannot even begin to calculate was a very large cigar shaped object that was glowing a radiant reddish orange color.  It looked to me like a huge metallic blimp that was catching the setting sun or something.  The road, being heavy with traffic at that time was not to be ignored, so I looked back at the road as to not rear end someone.  I looked back over at the sky, and the object was no longer there.  This object was clearly and obviously there a few seconds earlier.  I have tried to justify every possible explanation....maybe the sun reflecting off of some kind of cloud.... Whatever it was it was very strange. I haven't told anyone about this because of fear of ridicule. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Star looked like it burnt out cuz I was staring right at it as it was twinkling then it got really white bright and oval shape then zeroed into nothing like ignoring ever was there.... ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Orange ball of light flying across the sky. Orange glowing sphere flying across the sky it was visible for 5 minutes then it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red tipped UFO Triangular shape/diamond shape addendum:  It came across the sky hovering from Shawnee Peak heading NE direction.  I was driving and noticed it from my left looking out the window.  I saw three or four red lights, seemingly intact, flying and or hovering heading ahead of me NE toward Rt 35 in Harrison.  The craft did not have ANY noise, at all. In fact, when the craft hovered over the line of pine trees, no wind or movement disrupted the trees, no windy swaying at all. The lights we bright red, but not bright by our means. It was a bright red like shining a light through opaque red jello.  They were chevron shaped, I was that close to it.  It only illuminated what was directly underneath the lights.  I was awe struck and then felt immediate petrifying fear when the craft descended into the pines and the lights went out.  I assume it landed when the light went out and then I floored it, and sped home doing 70 plus down Rt.35 to my home.    I'm having difficultly dealing with this.  I KNOW WHAT I SAW.  I was not abducted but woul! d love to take a lie detector test or have a hypnosis session."
"looked up and saw  one large formation of about 13 stationary lights.  stayed visible for about ten mins, then just disappeared."
"I believe this to be a comet.  It had a blue tail and was yellow and red.  In fact, it reminded me as a diamond in the night sky.  It was beautiful to look at. It was the biggest star out that night.  I watch the night sky alot and I found this 'star' to be different.  I took our binoculors and watched it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Saw a bright, very short cylinder or oval move across the night sky, brighten intensely, then disappear, all within about 25 seconds. My friend and I were star gazing at around 4:30 am about 9 miles outside the town of Paw Paw, West Virginia. The night sky is unlike anywhere else I have ever seen up there because we were so far away from lights. I noticed a point of light, which at first just looked like another star (a relatively bright one) moving across the sky from right to left. When I looked closer I could see that the object wasn\u2019t exactly round like a star but rather kind of elongated, like an oval or very short cylinder. Think of it this way: I will compare a normal star that is circular in shape to a BB (like a BB Gun BB), but smaller, and this object was similar to a grain of rice. The overall size difference wasn\u2019t great but I could definitely tell that this thing had a long side and a short side, although it was very minute. After seeing this thing moving I got my friend to look at it too. He saw it moving and said how unusual it looked. After about 10 or 15 seconds the object got much brighter instantly and within a few seconds disappeared completely. This was not a shooting star because it was going much slower than that. I think it could be a satellite because I have read that they have been seen to brighten when they hit a certain sun angle and can also disappear when sunlight is no longer reflecting from them. However, it seemed like once we started talking to each other about how odd this thing was an what it could be, that\u2019s when it got very bright and then disappeared like it knew that we were aware of it. I wonder if anyone else has had this kind of sighting. I would like to know more about what we witnessed."
"I saw a monolithic \"L\"-shaped stone looking object in low orbit with my low powered scope one night in 1966. It was about 11pm.  I was scanning the clear summer night sky, as I often did with my low powered telescope, when a cubical \"L\" shaped object was observed.  It filled a sixth of the view.  It looked like perfectly sculpted stone, lit lightly by the moon.  It had to be in low orbit, since it looked large with my small scope.   I ran to call my brother to see it.  He came bounding down the stairs.  Quickly, I told him what I saw.  He knelt down and witnessed it as well.  I told him I wanted to see it again, and he let me.   It slowly moved out of view.  A tree was blocking further view.  It was 1966.   I saw the movie \"2001\" in 1968 and wondered why I saw what I saw."
"i saw a white shaped ball light traveling in the sky , thought it was a helicopter's light at first but then i realized that it was soundless! i ran to call my husband while my eyes were still focusing on it , and before i got the chance to call him ,three little light balls were detached from it and faded away while the ball itself continued traveling for two more seconds and then faded away ..."
"Intense orange lights seen over Cape Cod bay Hovering orange lights out over Cape Cod toward Provincetown, seen from Brewster beach. Light would slowly rise, becoming more intense and then hover.  Sometimes they would blink off completely or slowly become less intense.   At one point they also appeared to move horizontally across the horizon.  Very similar to other reports of \"Cape Cod Lights\" seen over the bay. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Translucent shimmering oval object in the fabric of the night sky over Frankfurt, Germany \t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tApril 15th, 2014.  I live at the north-eastern edge of Frankfurt, with my appartment balcony facing south-west.  One evening, about a week ago, around 10pm, I was on my balcony, having a look at the night sky to see just how busy Frankfurt Intl was, as the 11pm \u2013 5am Flight curfew approached. I could see the lights of one aircraft to my right , heading south-west, which suggested that  r/w 07 was in use that night.  To just confirm that I looked to where I would expect departing aircraft to appear, as they departed r/w 07. There was no traffic \u2026 but I did notice something. It was a translucent 'shimmering' in the night sky, oval in shape, and the same size as I would expect a departing jet would be.  It was travelling from (my) left to right, just as if it had made a left turnout from the aiport. It was like a ripple in the fabric of the night sky.  I could switch my gaze between both the downwind aircraft and the object (which looked as if it was heading directly for the aircraft, even at the same height) without any problem. It passed well behind the commercial jet and I lost sight of the 'object' as it passed to the west.  The whole 'sighting' lasted around 2 minutes. I have never seen anything like this before.  As it had a size and speed agreeing with commercial traffic in the night sky, I immediately thought of it being some sort of stealth aircraft ."
"Bright white chevron tilted to its side moving in less than 1 second across the sky.   No sound.  At 8:00 pm cloudy night couldnt see stars. Friend and I were driving home at night and we saw a bright white light in the shape of a chevron turned on its side light up the sky.   When we got home we went outside to see it again we did I saw it behind some trees and my friend and I both saw it in the open sky at the same time.   I also saw it as we were driving in our neighborhood."
"Single light moved quickly in different directions and disappeard We were on a cruise heading north of Juneau and asked the front desk to notify us if the captain saw the northern lights.  As the two of us gazed into the sky looking for the lights, we saw a light in a sky and it moved very quickly in a line heading south and then quickly go in an angle and disappear into the sky within seconds.  We have never seen anything move so quickly in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"These crafts move from direction Cape town...Mossel bay...George etc. All reported by my dauther to observatory in Cape town. Refering to my shocked dauther report, one of those crafts even dropped down on earth surface some kind of net and later on lifted up again.  I have no reasons to send you this story and my daughter either. Based on my dauther tel.call which I received on monday night from South Africa. You can contact me on my mail adr."
"Me and my friend sitting in her back yard sow what we thought was a shooting star Me and my friend were just relaxing in her backyard when she spoted what we thought was a shooting star. We raced out of the backyard on to the street. It was slow for a second then started swurving in the sky it made a turn and disapered behinde a large tree.It was a bright white shinning cirlce."
"Extremely loud noise hovering over our house for over 20 minutes. At around 4:10, I was woken up by my mother who was terrified about a strong noise outside.  I tried to brush it off as an airplane.  We live close to the airport, but the noise was more intense and seemed to get stronger but did not move away it simply hovered above our house for over 20 minutes.  It was a very strong noise that at times seemed to intensify it sounded as if a plain was lending on our house but it just hovered.  We were too scared to venture outdoors.  I called 911 but was told it was not an emergency and they put on a recording directing me to call local authorities.   The noise was terrifying and unlike anything I had ever heard the sky was lit up but I could not tell if it was because of the moon which is waning."
"We saw a triangular craft with white lights in the sky traveling from Lexington, Kentucky home to Barbourville, Kentucky. On Saturday my sister her husband and my niece and nephew and I where taking a short trip from Barbourville, Kentucky to Lexington, Kentucky to check out the malls.  On the way back home going through Richmond I saw a white light in the sky in front of the car that went from bright to dull to bright again.   Then as the highway made a turn I could see it out of the back passenger side window.  That was when I got a closer look at the thing.  It looked like it was closer to the car by then and I could clearly see a dark triangular craft with white lights on each of the three corners.   The thing was low enough that if it was an airplane it would make noise but I didn't hear a sound from it.   I watched it out the window for about ten seconds then all the sudden it disappears.  Absolutely no trace of the thing.   For about a minute I kept my eyes glued to the window trying to find it but nothing.  My sister's husband saw it too.  I am baffled, airplanes have blue and red blinking lights I know I love airplanes very much.   This was no airplane that I have ever seen in my life.   The first thing I thought to do after our sighting was to report it to you Mr. Davenport."
"Ufo sightinh Mt. Shasta, CA 2:30 pm.  7/28/14.   I just witnessed an object in the sky in Mt. Shasta, CA.  The location was at Lake Siskiyou camp resort.  I witnessed the object from the beach looking out the window of my cooking truck.   The object looked like a piece of mercury or metal drop in the sky.  The object was reflective but it wasn\u2019t from lights coming from the object.  It looked like it was reflecting the sun.  The object looked out of place which caught my eye.   I stared at the object for about 15 seconds.  It didn\u2019t move like an aero plane or helicopter. It moved like a mouse on a computer screen but in a perfect straight line.   I was losing sight of the object from the window, where I'm at the sky is wide open.  At is a partly cloudy day, but there were no clouds in the path of the object.   I ran outside to try and track the object.  When I ran around the corner to look in the direction of Mt. Shasta where it looked like the path in the sky that the object was traveling it was gone.   At the speed that the object was traveling I still should have been able to see it in the sky if it was a plane or helicopter. It was just gone.   The object made no noise.  It just looked out of place like it wasn\u2019t flying in the sky but almost like it was a fly on a TV screen, part of the view you\u2019re looking at but not in the screen?   I looked around at all of the people on the beach, but it didn\u2019t look like anyone was looking up at the sky.   This is my 4th object I\u2019ve seen in this area that I would say is a UFO.  First one I\u2019ve seen in the day."
"I was driving to work today in Woodbury, Minnesota, and the sky was crystal clear. It was about 7:45am central time, and I was on freeway I-94 east looking at the sun rising when just to the left of the sun i saw a very bright &quot;()&quot; shaped object with a hollow center... It was extremely bright and vivid like a star.  At first it was just outlines of that () shape which made me look closer because i have never seen anything like that with a \"hallow.\"  I was trying to see which direction it was moving, and it looked like it was heading up at first, but as i kept looking it was heading downwards which made me wonder if it was a meteorite or something that entered our atmosphere.  But as it got lower it turned from the original hollow \u201c()&quot; shape to a solid circle.  That\u2019s when I knew it was something weird, because there was no jet stream behind it or anything... and then it kind of hovered in place, and looked like a bright star. It then got ! really small like it was going further away from me, and then grew bigger a few seconds later like it was getting closer again. It was moving in all different directions; up, down, left and right\u2026I knew this because I was measuring the gap between the object and the sun. It was early, so the sun was not harsh on my eyes.  I wanted to call the police or something but didn\u2019t know who to call.  The only explanation I could think of for it being the \u201c()&quot; shape when i first noticed it, was if it was going at super sonic speeds into our atmosphere, giving that effect from such a far distance... I did not take a picture because it was too far away and would have just looked like a white speck on my camera phone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"My friend was sitting outside and yelled to everyone to come outside and hurry all five of us got up to see what was going on when we looked up we seen a very large circular shap just floating in the sky it had bright lights on the bottom it was very clear that it was a ufo."
"White Oval Sphere: with three military jets in per suite On Monday, March 11, 2019 at 12:20 am Eastern Time in Wareham, Massachusetts, between my home and the Mass Maritime Academy above Onset Bay at around 20 thousand to 30 thousand feet a large round white glowing object just hovering in one spot. Which was to the East of my location.  It did not appear to be a planet or a stare.  I also observed what appeared to me to be three military jets possible from West Hover Air National Guard base \u201cpossible f15s\u201d flying around this object.  Looking out from the slider of my back deck from my kitchen. The object was glowing white when I observed the three military jets flying around it.  When the jets approached it seemed to change color and glowed  red for a split second then disappeared for what seemed to me a couple of seconds.  Reappearing close to the same spot as it disappeared zig, zagging from north to south followed by a rapid acceleration to the West and then totally disappearing from site. A quick note the location where I made my observation from is near PAVE PAWS US air force NORAD radar site also Otis Air Force base were the USAF has a drone test flight facility also Joint Base Cape Cod where the Massachusetts Army National Guard along with the regular US military conduct anti-terrorism training. Finally a little about my background I have worked as a landscaper, and I am currently an amateur radio operator and have been involved with Regional Civil Emergency Services (RACES), and Amateur Radio Emergency Services (ARES).  Which required me to undergo extensive emergency communications, and search and rescue training."
"Approximately three to four white rockets appeared with trails-gray UFO flying low in trees then, disappeared."
"i was looking out my window to the west. i was gazing at a few stars when all of a sudden i saw a flash of light. it lasted for about 1 second. it was a very light green  color. it was NOT a meteor or an airplane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Group of strange light orbs over eastern Fishers, IN, for hours with no particular pattern. A set of light orbs seen in the sky over eastern Fishers, IN, for more than 2 hours (it is still occurring as this is typed).  Many people within the neighborhood are standing outside watching.  Some report that this same thing happened in 2011.  At first they were expected to be spotlights as you can occasionally see a slight trail as they pass through clouds.  However, they seem to have no continuous pattern or looping effect that is used on a spotlight.  The light intensity varied as did the number of orbs. Maybe a meteorological phenomenon, maybe spotlights, but definitely strange."
"Rectangular flashing lights above stateline Nevada! Family was driving on the I-15 towards California from Las Vegas when looking towards the stateline casinos we saw a formation of about six lights in a rectangle just hovering and blinking simultaneously.  It lasted for about a minute and then faded up higher into the sky."
"Cross of lights with streams at ends covering the center of my binocular's field of vision.  Apparently stationary--moved with stars. Insomniac me was up at 4:30.  I happened to look out our front window--and saw a very bright light shining like a flashlight in the sky but seemingly not moving in the southeastern quadrant.  Much too bright for a star.  Apparently not one of those cargo planes that land at a nearby AF base.  I looked through my 15x70 astronomical binoculars--and what I saw was a plus-sign shaped arrangement of bright lights covering the center of the binocular's field of vision--perhaps a half dozen or so each way with streams of light coming from the four ends. Sort of like a cross of headlights.  Steady, not flashing, yellow-white.  My wife watched it too--she told me not to go outside!  I watched it on and off for over an hour until it disappeared with daybreak.  As I kept watching it appeared to move very slowly westward--as if it was stationary in the sky, but changing its apparent position with the Earth's rotation as the stars do.  That would mean it was very high up above the reach of our gravity and therefore given its appearance in the binocs, very large.  Perhaps an object reflecting the rising Sun?  But the Sun was well below the horizon, the lights were facing my direction, and they hardly looked like reflections. Anyway, what kind of object could it be?  Space station?  Doesn't look like that.  Satellite?  No way. \"Craft\"?  Well, it was evidently not a natural phenomenon. Of course, I e-mailed the relevant authorities and media, and of course they will ignore it.  I have no way of knowing who else might have seen it."
"Dark green luminous object dropped outta atmosphere rapidly behind mountain Travelling hwy 40 south, at 22:23pm i was a passenger in a pickup truck, the moon lit the night, you can see shadows on the ground.  Perfectly clear night.  What i witnessed lasted 3 seconds.  A luminous dark green similar to the christmas lights on homes zoomed towards the ground behind a mountain at a rapid rate of speed.  Straight down from atmosphere, it never resurfaced or took air that i seen.  Which iam glad because we were only vehicle on hwy, it was shocking and unsettling.dark green moving fast towards ground behind"
"White erratic flashing object enfield Ct Object seemed a bit large and not a perfect shape as it was moving fast so hard to tell.  It moved in an erratic pattern like it was jumping.  It was  bright white and flashed in a clear bright cloudless blue sky.  It would disappear then flash again several times and then it just disappeared for good.  Definitely not a plane.   I could see this from interstate 91 south near the  shopping mall.  Saw this and it was just out of the ordinary so I had to go online to see if I could find anyone else that may have noticed it.   My description is female, 40's with college degree. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"flashing star type, green blue red and white and hovered left to right just a little in the south east sky there are 5 of these the brightest looks like a star but changes color green red blue white and hovers left to right just a little the one right above that blinking one looks like it has a tail of little tiny lights, kind of looks like a crooked unbrella.  The one in the eastern sky is not as bright as the south eastern one but acts the same.  And the one in the northeastern sky changes color like the rest but didn't move while I was watching"
"orange light and in formation tonight A Great Night Of Orange Light Flying Tonight.! Started as always with 2 due south of us (loop 303 and Northern Ave) in the area of Goodyear.  We also saw a line formation (east to west) just to the South/West of our location to the buckeye area.  And then to My surprise, there was also another formation just to the West of them in a vertical line (up/down). In total, East/West line formation of 5 Orange Lights, and then just to the West and a little lower than the first line was the second formation up/down of another 5.  And then we also had the 2 to the South and a Third joins them in the middle and just above them.  It Was A Great Viewing Night For Us."
"Bright flash that appeared to be lightning.  After looking for next lightning flash, a bigger flash hit me with a circular shape that was stronger than any camera or lightning.  Appeared to be coming from USD area ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Rectangular lighted object spotted hovering in Pennsylvania. I was driving home from a friends home, and i saw bright blue lights in the sky.  I pulled over because i knew it was not an airplane.  I looked up at it and it was going fairly fast, sideways.   It had a rectangular shape with about 4 or 5 rows of small rectangular lights. The lights were blinking vey fast.   The road I was on was coming down from a ski resort and there were not many homes around, just a few farms , and lots of fields.  When I stopped to look at this object, it was hovered about a mile from the ground, and then it took off sideways again.  I could not tell where it went because it went so fast. I have had dreams about ufos but this was the first time I ever saw any.  I am sure of what i saw, my heart has never raced like that before."
"Four orange balls flying very low with three in a line and a fourth behind moved slowly across sky with absloutely no noise. We observed four orange balls moving slowly at a very low altitude over our home at about 11:50 pm on June 28, 2011.   Three balls were in a line and a fourth was behind making a triangle appearance.  They were first observed out the bedroom window.  We ran outside our home and as they came by there was absolutely no sound.   Visibility in Lexington was very far and the sky was clear.  We could see airplanes high in the sky at the time.  These were very very low.  They moved off and disappeared in the distance.   Can't believe  we saw this.  We have no idea what they were.  I could not get a camera quick enough to take a picture."
"Pink Phoenix Lights type grouping Was riding with a friend north on St Rt 66 towards Fort Loramie, Ohio. Noticed pinkish lights \u2013 four in a formation similar to the \"phoenix lights\".  One light was the point; wedge shape had two lights on one side and one light on the other.   We pulled over the car as they slowly blinked out one after the other from East to West.  They did not return from what we could see.   The night remained mostly clear with stars visible and much smaller than the pink colored lights."
"Triangle shape with one red light in center flying low, slow, and quiet over wooded, mountainous area. My father came into the house, a bit before 10pm, reporting a strange, triangle-shaped object in the sky.  I asked him if it was still there, he said \"No,\" (to my disappointment).   I then questioned him.  He said it was a dark triangle shape flying much lower than a plane would.  It had only one light; a red light in the center of the object.  He said that there was only the faintest sound (barely audible), much fainter than what one would expect from an airplane, and especially an object flying so low.  He also said that it was moving more slowly than a plane, and was a very smooth, low, & slow glide from the woods behind the house until it went out of his site.  The object flew in a straight line until out of sight.   The area around the house is very mountainous and wooded.  He was very calm and non-chalant, as he believes it was some sort of military test craft.  However, I wanted to share this encounter in case it is ever of value."
"I felt as if my vision and perception was being altered with when they flew over.  Everything became blurry and I had double vision. Me and my dad were outside and starting seeing an object with a blinking red light on it that was moving extremely fast that it appeared to be skipping across the sky and then it was making a bunch of really sharp movements upward and down and left and right which airplanes obviously don't do, the craft would also abruptly stop in its path, and then continue on its course.  Then we saw another one, it was a blinking light that looked like a star and it was blinking all over the place really fast across the sky.  The objects eventually disappeared."
"Strange shape UFO sighting over PSU Park Blocks I was sitting on the fire exit at my building outside on the eight floor and staring at the stars while practicing breathing techniques.  I saw two stars that were close together, kind of similar colors, and I admired their beauty.  Then, I noticed one was kind of moving away from the other... Which stars don't do...  So I kind of laughed at myself for mistaking something for a star and continued my breathing techniques.  So I started wondering what it could be..  Maybe a satellite?  As I continued to ponder the that, I noticed it was flying towards my apartment building.  I was confused. It seemed to be flying lower now... And it was a grayish ship with a big white light and a tiny red one.  I remember it had a pointy cockpit looking thing? It was kind of in the  shape of a bird with a box for a body and without wings.  It had a long neck and then the head, which I thought was probably the cockpit.  I tried taking a video but my memory is full from all the spotify I download. &#128547;&#128516; anyways, I was really sure what I was seeing and wanted to record information that I could review later.  So I tried taking pictures.  Nothing showed up. I saw for a total of about 10-15 minutes total.  I was staring at it when I thought it was a star, because all I could see was the bright light and it was low on the horizon near a bright star (from my perspective).  Then it moved I towards me and flew over my building. It kept going.  I tried calling my mom to run to the front of te apartment facing the way in which the ship flew but she was in the elevator at the time coming in from smoking a cigarette and was not able to see it. When I went to look out our bay window but nothing was flying. I believe in UFOs and believe they can connect us through astral projection(in which case a ship would be unnecessary), but I am a scientist at mind and need more evidence to validate my personal experience.  I hope others report seeing at around 5/15/15 1:20am.  It was a weird shape..  And it didn't make a sound.  The cars were louder so I doubt it could have been a plane and definitely not a helicopter, which given how low it was over the Park Blocks of downtown Portland would have more sense!  It was a UFO &#128529;"
"Flash in the sky with colors, it wasn't the northern lights. I was driving to work 5:13 am, when I saw a huge flash of light that lite up the entire sky, at first it was a teal blue/green then it changed to pink then purple back to a teal then dissipated.   There was no sound.  It lasted for about 6 seconds.  You could clearly see the changing of colors.  There were no beams...the whole sky lit up.   I hope someone besides me witnessed this.   The flash came from the North end of Cayuga Lake."
"Sighting near Irvine Spectrum. I work in south Irvine near the Spectrum and I was behind our building when I saw the object. Our building is at the end of a street named Goddard and right behind us are hills and some wilderness. I was out back talking on my cellphone and having a cigarette, just as I finished my phone call I happened to look up at a passing jet airliner. John Wayne Airport isn't too far away, so we see alot of air traffic. Well, as I was observing the jet, another object moved into view. What caught my eye was the sun reflecting off it's surface. At first I thought it was a weather balloon, as it was translucent in nature. It was a solid shape at first, like an aspirin. Then it lost it's shape and became unstable and undulated along. It did this for a moment, and then became a sphere, then going back to undulating. I watched it sharply and then it just disappeared. I'm not sure if my eyes were playing tricks on me, but I know what I saw. Also, I should mention a few other details such as it's size. While at first appearing small, the jet passed right underneath it. The jet was pretty high up there, so this thing must have been about 1/6 the size of the aircraft. Even though it was translucent, I did notice that whenever the sunlight reflected off it's surface, the material briefly became dark and metallic. Also, the object was coming from the direction of the hills behind us (west) and was heading east towards Santiago Mountain."
"2 lights over Hiller\u00f8d Denmark was sitting in my apartment in Hiller\u00f8d, Denmark, and went out to get some air when i noticed 2 flying objects going kinda fast but not in a straigt line.. they both had a orange light from them but one of the object was loosing light..  suddenly the light was gone and as i saw the other object move the line dissapeared aswell.  i could still the object as it moved away till i lost focus of it.. they made no sound!"
"While standing on my 10th floor patio facing ~ NE, I saw very far in the distance, and moving at an extremely constant speed, and one direction from E to N, an orb, white in color with no contrails.  It was moving with purpose and destination.   The orb was moving at great speed and was a good distance off.  It never varied from it straight line path until no longer visible.  Fascinating. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"I was being driven to work by my girlfriend, it was about 2130, about a week and a half ago. For some reason, I don't know why there appeared to be a commotion in the sky and my eyes just naturally focused in on the area. All of a sudden, out of nowhere I was looking at an object that I have never seen before.  It appeared to be a miniture moon with a collar around it.  It was pink and red in color and it was low, probably less than 8,000 feet.  The body of the craft appeared to be irregular as far as the texture. It appeared to be pink and some parts red like what the moon would look like if it was going the speed of light.  The collar around it looked like it was manufactured and almost appeared to be opaque with a red outline. This thing was there for only a split second and was gone.  The craft moved so fast that it appeared to dissapear.  However there was a very short, bright trail of sparks in the sky when it left. Okay, now for the real kick, did you ever recall looking skyward and seeing these short burst of sparks and saying, \"wow, I just saw a shooting star\".  You know what, its not a star its them. Nowdays if you look skyward at night for any length of time you'll see these trails of sparks often enough.  Never use to but now we do.  I had made an attempt to bring this to someones attention but instead I spoke to what can only be called the smartest person in the world because this individual didn't want to hear anyone but himself talk. ((text deleted))"
"Erin Ontario UFO SIghting This is what happened. I, my brother and a close friend were driving to my cousins in Erin, Ontario.  We were coming close to the edge of the town, when my brother noticed something moving in a strange way in the sky.  It turned out to be a star and the moving clouds created the illusion of it moving.  As I looked at the star I noticed something else.  It looked like a tear from the side but from below it was a triangular shape.  It had a red light on what looked like the aft of the vessel. It was so close I thought it was a plane making an emergency landing.  We opened the windows to see what it sounded like, and heard nothing at all.  If it was any known craft in this area it would have been deafening at the distance it was.  We decide to follow the craft as far as we could we got to the edge of the town and watched the craft fly east at a steady pace, stop, hover, then fly west, stop, hover, then continue north west.  The three of us are still unsure what this was! and there was no reported military training in that area.  A week prior to this my brother and I were outside my house when we noticed what looked like a star moving very fast across the sky.  I said that it was probably a satellite just I  I said that the star stopped moved the opposite direction, so east, and then continued its original path, until it was out of sight.  My brother and I have had a number of experiences with these phenomenons.  We used to live close to military base Borden in Proton Township, and we would see these same types of craft all the time.  Being located so close to the military base they let the community know when they are training, and none of the sighting to which I speak of corresponded to these training exercises. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"There are definite lantern-like air-floating fireworks out there this year. I witnessed 2 glowing red lanterns that were released into the air by other people while I was looking for meteors alone on Friday night at Stonelick Park here in Ohio.  They seemed to be light red paper with some sort of wire framework which gave the object shape and held an open fire propulsion source at the bottom (sort of like on that episode of Macgyver).  2 of the objects were released a minute or so apart and followed almost the exact same path in line with the wind.  They kind of caught me by surprise and I neglected to watch the entire trajectory of the lanterns and didn't see what happened once they burnt out or how high they were at their apex.  I didn't want to miss meteors by watching the fireworks!  I witnessed a line of 4 or 5 objects/fireballs of what I assume to be the same sort of firework while I was at a local park in Cincinnati(no firework display in the park itself that evening) on July 4th though they were more distant.  Those were lights/fireballs that just kind of burnt out after a few minutes after a slow ascension in the air on roughly the same path.  While I haven't read all the reports, I think a lot of people could be seeing these things on part of their trajectory and just don't realize they're new fireworks.  I made a report on July 3rd  last year, and while I still think that report could be something else, it also could have been something similar to these lanterns seen at an odd angle.  I think the whole point of the firework is just to launch something glowing into the air and see how far it goes before it burns out.  At a distance, it's kind of like a slow orange-yellow roman candle (but just one) with no smoke trail that just glides through the a! ir."
"watching and studying a failing engine on a ufo My friend and I were sitting out on the back porch it was the first sunny day we have had in awhile. That was when she pointed up to the sky and we saw then what looked like a silver ball floating down from the sky like a leaf. She ran inside to get binaculers and the ship turned over with the binaculars we could see so much of this equipment...The metal was very shiney and smooth as if molded..we could see what looked like 5 or 6 engines all spinning in different directions in side those tubes were more tubes spinning in the opposite direction as the big tube..instead of fire coming out of these it looked more like lava or coals being sucked into these tubes.... the engines or what not seemed to stop spinning from the inside tube first then the outside one would stop. it then again appeared to turn and you could see the saucer shape..it fell behind 2 mountians the smoke trail was gone within 10 minutes.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Thoughts, memories, headaches, nose bleeds, nightmares, dark figures! Every thing was blury. My thoughts, memories, are scattered. My head constantly hurts. I have nose bleeds at least 2 a day. I have horrible dreams. I feel like something is around my neck when I am asleep. I have seen figures next to my bed and then its like I wake up and they are gone. My wife has told me countless times that she feels unsafe and scared in our home. I havent told her about any of this because I dont want to scare her. I dont know what to do. I dont want to up root my family because something strange is going on. I just need some advice. Am I possibly being upducted, visited, etc... By these things or is it my imagination, dreams, etc... I want to believe these things arent real, but sometimes I feel myself leaning towards a direction that says they are. Thanks for your time. Please get back as soon as possible."
"Bright light appears in clear sky objects goes into the light! them everything disappeared! Bright flash of light in the clear night sky with a bright light shaped like a ball go trough the bright flash of light!  Then it disappeared right back to clear sky!"
"E.T. in orb form? I was in Meditation in an attempt to invite Extra-Terrestrial beings while in my meditation I heard small footsteps and almost like a tap on the fence which was about 6 or 7 feet away from me accompanied with a very deep breathing that was a bit different from what humans typically make even when attempting to breath a bit deeper.  A swoosh of air went over me I could barely feel that is when I heard the breath one last time and at the end of the breath I heard my motion activated night vision camera go off. The camera was about 5 feet away or so.  This camera will only go off on its own when an object is within 20 feet or less with the settings I had on. It is in three round burst mode which is why the first three are within seconds of eachother. The fourth picture is the orb a little closer and for the fifth I edited and put a selective focus on the features at the top of the orb.  Opinions on what you see are welcome even if you see nothing! It may appear to some it could be! a celestial orb however, I disagree simply due to the fact when a celestial being appears the face or certain features appears to be inside the orb.  I personally have not seen anything like this before though so maybe I have something misconstrued within our spirits as human beings."
"I saw a black rectangle shape, in the horizontal postion, hovering over downtown Austin, Texas, and saw it rotate parallel to the ground and continue a path to Bergstrum Airport."
"Quick moving and incredibly bright multicolored flashing lights seen in sky appearing to travel at great speeds. My friend and I were outside having a cigarette at 10:00pm,  Aug 25th, 2012, when I had noticed a small formation of strobe like lights in the northern section of the sky. There were three of them in total. What struck me was I know what a beacon light on an aircraft looks like, and what I saw was not like any beacon light I have ever seen in my life. The objects seemed very distant, and high up. They displayed a multicolored strobe effect producing a white flash (most frequent), a blue flash (displayed this color maybe three times), and a red flash (only one of the three objects flashed red).  On none of the objects was the flash timed. There was no beat so to speak. The lights flashed without rhythm. What struck me is that they appeared very far up and far away yet their flash was powerful.  One by one the objects disappeared except the last two seemed to stay stationary at one point, then too proceeded across the sky quickly.  They all moved across the sky and due to the great distance, I imagine were traveling very quickly. When the objects moved across the sky they would disappear and reappear, being visible  by their flash. This sighting occurred over the sky's of Everett and Mulkeleteo Washington.  Possibly even farther North, I am not confident in judging where the objects appeared exactly."
"An object not identified in the sky 8/27/11  500 Lights On Object0: Yes This morning between 1am and 3am, I saw in the sky a bright and big star in which was really different from the other ones because of its size and brightness.  I took as much pictures and videos I could of it.  The object was blinking different colors like red, blue and white.  It moved up and down and sometimes to the side too.  When I saw the first picture ooks like a start but when you zoom it, you can really see it wasn't."
"1 white bright object with 3 small red green and white ones around it. A white bright light to the east with a small red, green, white flashing above it and another one below it, with another one to the North East but farther away. The small one below moved towards the bright light, while the one that was north east moved in a somewhat triangle pattern. ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star?  PD))"
"Small Object going deferent direction from Big Object The Object Changed deferent Shapes and looks like it's spinng with deferent colors. A smaller Object is seen going away from Big Oject in a fast speed. It was a Clear night and no clouds in the sky and faded away. It was seen for 37 seconds at 8:36pm PT...."
"Looks like a star, but its not.  Its green,blue, red spining lights, then formed 4 white balls around it. It looks like a star, but when viewed with binoculars it is one ship in 3 parts, the center is like a light bulb that's bright white or Blue. Around this is a green shell with spinning red bars around it. After an hour or so it formed 4 solid white balls around it, one on the top, bottom, left side, and one on the right side. at 8pm it was east/30 south, buy 11 pm it was more south."
"My son and I were in our vehicle at the intersection of East Wellesley and North Crestline at about 6 PM on 10/31/08 in Spokane WA and we saw a strange object way up high in the early dusk sky due north and slightly west of us for about 5-6 minutes before it vanished behind some clouds.  Its behavior was strange because it did not move like a helicopter or plane and there were no lights of any color.  The object stood out like a blimp but it was not shaped or colored like one.  It was too high up for a kite and if it was a kite at that height it was too large in size.  The object was very dark black and it moved in a somewhat hovering manner almost like a large bird but at that height and distance from us it was too large in size for a bird.  The object shape was somewhat like a boomerang, normally after seeing such an object I would be writing it off as something natural but then after 10 minutes there was no sign of the object in any direction from where we first observed it. I thought that maybe if anyone else made a report to you that my information might help, I am sorry but I had no observing or recording equipment with me at the time."
"I saw 2 bright glowing lights in the sky.  They were moving from west to east in the Lakewood area.  They were silent and appeared to be roughy 5000ft AGL.   The two lights became stationary and their light became dim and switched to a bluish tint before disappearing.   Very strange."
"two extremely bright pulses of white light followed by brief sound of a loud charge like you use to hear in the old frankenstein movies.  No transformer problems, no surge in my computer that I was on, no electrical surge in the house no fire sirens in our small town going off.  Our dog wanted immediately out so we let him out in the yard and and he stopped dead in the center of our yard and looked straight up into the sky for several minutes with his head turning as if to follow something.  It was a cloudy cold day so nothing was visible except the intense flash of light that was piercing."
"New MADAR-II tracked anomaly, possible Coronal Mass Ejection."
"Six, red, bright, non-blinking lights that hoovered for minutes and disappeared. To Whom It May Concern: Last night, at roughly 9:30PM (21:50), my husband and I were driving home.  We were traveling north on US Highway 45 leaving Mattoon, IL when I saw 6 bright red lights.  I said to my husband multiple times, \u201cWhat are those lights?\u201d   I thought maybe RR Donnelly\u2019s had installed red lights atop of its large building.   I continued down the road and finally parked in the entrance of Alton, a business which is on US Highway 45.  I got out of the car and pointed to the red lights to show my husband. Three of the lights were in a triangular shape.  They did not blink and were bright red.  The other three were also bright red and did not blink, but they were in the shape of a large, very open V.  They appeared to hoover over RR Donnelly\u2019s.  Huge!   We got back in the car so we could get closer.  As I drove we lost sight of the lights because of the line of trees along the railroad tracks.  Once our view was clear again there was only one red light and it quickly disappeared.  They didn\u2019t seem to speed away as much as just disappear.  There were storm/rain clouds to the east and I thought maybe they had moved into the clouds and I could no longer see them. We went home and I called the non-emergency police number and told the woman what I saw and asked her if anyone else had called in concerning red lights in the sky.  She said No. There was, what appeared to be, an airplane flying from east to west in the very same area as the red lights.  I say airplane only because it did have blinking lights.  It was below the red lights. Thank you"
"Large green object streaks across East Texas sky. My friend and I were sitting by the lake on a very dark, but clear night. We were discussing life, in general, when a large flash of white light interrupted our conversation. We both stopped talking and looked upward, thinking that someone had turned on a light on their home\u2019s exterior or lit a firework, but as we looked into the sky, a large green circular object streaked across a small section of the sky and disappeared. The object was bluish-green and had a glowing intensity to it. It was larger than the half-moon that was present for the whole night. One of us saw it as a C-shape, almost like the curved, solid side was slicing across the sky and the green light filled the \u201ccavity\u201d behind the edge of it. I saw it as a disk with a small space in the front, very similar to the \u201cMillennium Falcon\u201d from the Star Wars films. I saw green-lit patterns on the bottom. We both know it seems crazy, but after both of us viewed the phenomenon, we sat for about 10 seconds. Then both of us asked if the other had seen the same thing. Our stories lined up perfectly and we were a bit doubtful at first. Then after 2-3 minutes of discussion, we heard a sound very similar to that made by a plane breaking the sound barrier. It was also synonymous with the \u201cthud\u201d made by a large object making impact in the earth. We both heard the noise as well. Neither of us are fanatics about UFOs or extraterrestrial life, but we aren\u2019t completely closed-minded to the possibilities of not being alone in this universe."
"Three silent red orbs over SW Portland, moving at high speed, making 90 degree turns. On the evening of September 27, 2015, I observed three silent amber/red orbs coming from the south and traveling north in SW Portland, Oregon.   The sky was cloudless with a few stars visible.   The orbs moved very fast, then stopped suddenly and made several 90 degree turns.  Then continued on slowly became very small and disappeared.  They looked translucent and seemed to exhibit intelligent movement.   One of the red orbs turned a pale yellow white with a ring of lights on the to like a crown.   I photographed two of these orbs with my I phone 5."
"Orange Orbs Sighted over North Phoenix 12/28/2012 @ 20:50 At 20:50 on 12/28/2012 5 orange orbs were sighted by myself my wife and son.  They looked to be travelling north to south in formation.  We witnessed the event for about 7 mins.  Eventually the lights stopped moving and each one slowly winked out.  Four of the five orange orbs were close together while one was of to the side of the formation."
".I was lying down for the night and looked up to see a very large orange orbe in the window that would minamize then expand to become larger it freaked me out! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"There were jets flying over our house (North Richland) continuously for one hour.   Was woken up by my dogs barking and then heard the jets.  Did not go outside to look.   Not sure if it was some sort of military training or we were under attack and the jets were chasing something?"
"orange plasma ball orb materialization dematerialization Deep orange plasma sphere materialized out of no where, low altitude, level a kite would be flown. Distance was within 150 yards. size basketball or beachball, speed slow, steady burn, silent, course was horizontal East to West.   Dematerialized or burned out after about 15 seconds.   Appeared over tree line and head out over Lake Superior.  Object vanished or dematerialized immediately after beam of spotlight was pointed at object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I woke up this morning at 3:15 to get ready for work.  I left my home in Saint Cloud, Minnesota around 3:50am.  I made it to county road 75 (goes through Saint Joe MN).  I was traveling west on co rd 75 towards Avon MN.  I was at the Coborn (grocery store) intersection when I noticed a bright orange light to the east side of the moon (was south of my vision).  The co rd is under construction, so I struggled to keep looking at the light because of it being narrow with cones on both sides.   I glanced 3 to 4 times at it and notice that not only had it moved several time, it had completely disappeared.  I continued west on co rd 75 towards the I-94 merge and just past the second Kwik trip (the last one before you leave town).   To my left (south of the road), I saw a GIANT, HUGE, MASSIVE (these words don't do the size of this craft justice) aircraft.  The craft seemed to be more square than rectangle and had 4 very distinct bright orange lights under the craft.  It hovered approximately 200 yards above the tree line and very clearly lit up the tree line and field.  It was completely silent and was not moving.   I was legitimately frightened and continued at a high rate of speed to work. This was between Saint Joe MN and the on ramp to I-94 just before exit 156.   The best way I can describe the size of this thing is (it was like a sky scraper put into a square with orange lights on the bottom and just hovering silently."
"green football shaped object falling out of the western sky at a 45 degree angle on June 12th, 2007 Traveling south at approximately 10:30 an object appeared in the western sky falling at about a 45 degree angle the object had a tail for a period of a few seconds and then the tail dissapeared a small shower of red sparks came off the back and the object desended slowly it appeared to slow down anyway and the object glowed green.  We watched it cross in front of us across the sky and were amazed at the color and the shape of the object.  We have watched meteor showers before and this was not like any we have ever seen,"
"Stationary in sky for 15 minutes, then shot away into sky faster than sound, maybe as fast as light. I simply saw an aircraft stay in one place for about fifteen minutes, then shoot off into the sky as fast as a beam of light lights a room.  (There was a fellow there witnessing it with me at the time).  It was far away, so the best description is that it did have what seemed to be saucer shaped lighting around the bottom of the craft. As one light to my left would come on, one on the right would go off.  They were white light.  I've no idea how something stationary could instantly propel away with such a great speed.  From where we were, there was no contrail.  I was too far away to hear or not hear any noise.  There is high probability this craft was near Beale Air Force Base. The best part of this story is what happened three days later. I saw another set of lights in the sky, moving slow over the city.  This was however very very different then what I had seen before, so I decided to try to get under it.  I entered the freeway and headed in the direction of the plane until I was able to get underneath it while exiting on 34th street.  I slowed and stuck my head out to look up.  It was a crop duster with white lights in rows along the entire surface area of the bottom of the wings.  I feel this was to cover up the sighting three days earlier. This happened in Sacramento, Ca, in summer of 1999. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"UFO spotted in rural Paducah, Ky neighborhood Three teenagers were swimming in their backyard when they saw flashing multicolored lights above and through the tree line. The occurrence lasted ten minutes in about 30 second invariables. The lights would get almost blinding and then would go completely dark.  One of the teenagers came in the back door and reported the lights to the parents.  The teenager was at a loss of words as to what they\u2019d seen and why the lights wouldn\u2019t stop flashing. A brother of the teenager went through the front door to the front yard to see if the lights were coming from the front  yard to the back somehow.  The teenager from the pool continued to explain the lights to the parents as the older brother started back into the house screaming he\u2019d seen a UFO.  Neither had heard the others description but both accounts were the same.  They\u2019d saw multi colored lights on a circular object with load wind swishing sounds.  They said it wasn\u2019t huge; it looked smaller than they would have thought a UFO would be."
"I WAS STANDING IN MY BACKYARD LAST NIGHT AND WAS FACING TO THE SOUTH WHEN I NOTICED 4 BRIGHT LIGHTS TRAVELING IN CLOSE FORMATION TWORD EACH OTHER TO THE CENTER. THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN THEY STOPPED IN MID-AIR. AT THIS POINT I SAY SEVERAL MORE OF THESE LIGTS APPEAR FROM DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS. THEN THEY STARTED DARTING AROUND AT A VERY, VERY HIGH RATE OF SPEED. JUST SHORT BURST.AS I CONTINUED TO WATCH THIS STRANGE THING HAPPENING IN FRONT OF ME, TWO OF THE OBJECTS(lights)STREAKED OF INTO SPACE AT BLISTERING SPEED. ALL THE WHILE THE OTHER 4 TO 5 OBJECTS CONTINUE TO STREAK SIDE TO SIDE AND UP AND DOWN. AFTER ABOUT 10 SECONDS A OBJECT THAT APPEARED TO BE ORANGE CAME STREAKING BACK INTO VISION AND APRROX. CENTER TO THE OTHER OBJECTS WHERE IT CHANGED FROM A LARGE ORANGE GLOW BACK TO WHITE. THEN ANOTHER ONE CAME STRAKING IN BUT THIS ONE APPEARED TO BE GREEN IN COLOR. IT TO SHOT TO THE APPROX. CENTER OF THE OTHER OBJECTS AND IT TO CHANGED BACK TO WHITE. THIS CHAIN OF EVENTS LASTED AT LEAST 15 MIN AND LEFT ME ABSOLUTLY STUNNED. THE OBJECTS SLOWLY DISAPPERED ONE BY ONE UNTIL THEY WERE ALL GONE."
"Distant dot of light crossed night sky from west to east in 5 or 6 seconds, too slow for meteor, far too fast for jet. On about April 22, 2014, at about 21:30 in Maumee, Ohio, I witnessed a very small white dot in the night sky, consistent with a jet at high altitude and about the same brightness.  The light moved across the sky from west to east in about 5 or 6 seconds, moving much faster than any aircraft but also much slower than any meteor I have seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"I was watching the events taking place on the turn (9th green and 10th fairway) on the St Andrews Old Course golf links where I sit for 10 hours per day, 6 days a week.  As usual there were approx 4 groups of golfers and caddies playing.  It was a typical windy day with the winds coming from the east.   Across the estuary is RAF Leuchars.  I spotted a spherical shape approx 200 ft above the ground travel in a straight line approaching from the east or the 6th fairway of the New course and continue in a calm, straight line eastward across the 9th and 10th of the Old Course, the 8th and 13th of the New Course and 6th and 14th of the Jubilee on it's way out toward the North Sea.   At that point I lost track of it.  It occurred to me that this was a very odd sighting as I thought it was a plastic bag which had possibly escaped the trash.   My first thought was why wasn't it gusting with the strong winds but the object just kept moving at a constant, slow speed without wavering in any way.  It was as though it was attached to a track of some sort.  I asked a collegue who was in the area if he had noticed the strange plastic in the sky but he did not see it."
"Four orbs flying over Plantation, FL flying N-NW from FLL airport area. I stepped outside to make a phone call. Look straight out to the horizon,  S-SE, looking towards FLL [Fort Lauderdale Airport about 10 miles away (I google mapped it)] From that direction I saw four Orbs.  The orbs appeared to begin from the ground, perhaps since they were coming from a distance. At first I thought they were rockets or perhaps fireworks, because they were flying almost straight up. The altitude was, I believe about that of a helicopter hovering.  The orbs where headed our direction, I would say N-NW from the airport area (I guess).  They began to fly over head, gaining altitude. At first they were flying in an unorganized manner.  But as they came closer, and gained altitude, they made a U formation.  We took a video of this.  By the time we took the video, they were in the U formation and high over head.  They slowly began ascending until they were out of sight.  The orbs themselves had a reddish orange glow and were whiter toward the middle of the orb.  There was four individual orbs, they moved independently but still in a formation.  There seemed to be one that was almost, mockingly, zigzagging a couple of times.  To note, there was a commercial airline that was either landing or taking off when I first saw the orbs.  (This was seen from the community houses on Peters RD and University DR)"
"5 fireball objects in a V-shape formation flying low and slowly as witnessed by my husband and me. At approximately 9 PM, as I was getting out of my car in the driveway, I noticed something in my peripheral vision.  I turned around and saw 5 objects in V-shape formation flying overhead and up the road where we live in a terraced development.  The five objects reminded me of fireballs because of their color yet they were fairly circular.   They flew between 100-150 feet overhead and moved slowly.  I called to my husband inside and told him to look out back as they flew over the house.  He saw them, too, and then they immediately sped off.   I am posting this now because I just found out about this reporting website and up until now was very discouraged because everyone we told didn\u2019t believe us.   I also called the airport and radio and local news station to ask if anyone else had seen the UFO\u2019s that night.  No one said they did.  We will never forget what we saw.  Would have taken photographs if I wasn't so stunned by what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Last night November 21, 2010 at 12:30 AM My TV had been going in and out of clarity, So I desided to step out side and turn the antenna, when i looked up at the antenna I saw the clouds moving very fast, with breaking clear sections in between, I saw lights, in which I suspected was stars just above the clouds, then I saw one moving, and suspected just an airplane, at the same time i realized they couldn`t be airplanes, there were to many, as i began to take notice, and watch more closely, I they were all going the same direction, southwest, and I did all the normal things you would think to do! I stead fast on birght ones, and let the clouds pass just to see if I was mistaking if they were stars they should have been in the same location shouldn`t they? they weren`t they were moving. Well If anyone reads this and can find out what was going on, I`d really like to know what phenomenon I had experienced. ty Dave ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw a fireball that was actually some sort of plane My friend and I were driving South on US-131 in Allegan County.  We were 5-10 minutes NW of Wayland, MI when we noticed an orange/amber fireball SE of our position.  I estimate its angle of elevation was 35-40 degrees.  It looked to be flying very slowly, if not hovering at times, over downtown Wayland.  Having seen similar things before, we decided to follow the aircraft.  The aircraft had been traveling S but started traveling SSE once we got closer.  When we reached our exit, we turned E.  The aircraft remained visible the entire time, save for a brief moment when it disappeared behind some trees on our horizon. Regaining sight of the aircraft, we turned into a parking lot facing N to observe. After a moment, we realized the aircraft was now heading due South and was going to fly directly over us. As we pulled into the parking lot, I estimate the aircrafts angle of elevation was 30-35 degrees and steadily declined until passing overhead. I'd say the aircraft remained under 150 yds in the air, at all times.  As the aircraft approached, the first things we noticed were two lights on its nose pointing forward.  That's to say, it had headlights very similar to a car. The aircraft also had 5-6 white lights on its underside.  The aircraft didn't have visible registration lettering, wings, propellers, a tail, cylindrical shapes, or navigation lights.  The aircraft was small, dark, and triangular.  It made a sound very similar to a jet, but was much quieter.  We didn\u2019t see any afterburn. Even thought it was directly overhead, we were able to converse comfortably.  As the aircraft passed overhead, it was hard to discern the finer details of the body, perhaps from all the bright lights on its exterior. With the object now traveling away, we got in our car and headed for home.  The distance from where we witnessed the aircraft to our home is 5 minutes by car.  After 10-15 minutes of being home, we heard a sound very similar to what we had just heard, flying overhead.  We stepped out on the back porch and saw the aircraft fly directly over the house were in, traveling S.  The night continued without further incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Strange sightings of in excess of 40+ UFO's over the Northeast of UK travelling West - East. I live in Tyneside in the Northeast of UK (Gateshead) to be precise.  At approximately 21:20 BST I noticed a large number of bright orange lights (20+) some in formation (arrow head), some not, travelling in a West to East direction. It's a clear night here in the Northeast of UK with some light cloud cover. At first I thought that these could be hot air balloons as they had a flickering orange glow as if they had burners on, but the glow was continuous and they were all uniformed in shape and size. Most disturbing, and what has made me discount them being hot air balloons was the speed at which they were travelling. I have a clear view to the West horizon and through to my farthest line of sight in the East it took the UFO's less than 2 minutes 30 seconds to complete the journey and clear out of my line of sight. There was no sound and they travelled the distance significantly quicker than any aircraft I have ever seen in the same 'proximity', which leads me to believe that they were not hot air ballons. Strangely though, after the first wave they then came acrss the same trajectory at intervals of 3-5 minutes and not in formation but in clusters of 3-5 with some solitary craft. It has got to be the strangest unexplained sighting I have ever had and a number of my neighbours witnessed the event."
"Looking into sky the normal starin the sky I had seen for a number of winter nights moved rapidly to the east instead of moving to the west as normally observered in the winter months ."
"Blue Oval Lightship Just below Ursa Major I saw a strange light that was moving very slowly, it then stopped.  A few seconds later it got really bright and flashed a blue light.  It sat there for another couple seconds and then started moving again in a different direction.  It repeated a larger blue flash this time and then seemed to have took off at a rapid speed.  The object was blue in color and oval.  This is not the first time I have seen this Blue Light Ship, it happens frequently. I would say at the very least I see the red basketball size orbs twice a week over Magnolia, Seattle.  During the day and at night.  This has been going on for many years although the Blue Ovals are new within the last 2 months."
"Football sized UFO over the town of Bedford while i was driving to work, which is on Guard Hill Road in Bedford, i noticed a huge, football sized UFO in the shape of a triangle/pyramid.  I could not believe my eyes.   This happened last thursday,january 03, 2013.   As soon as i took my camera phone to take a picture, the object had disappeared only leaving a trail of white, cloud-like  condensed air.   I received a phone call on Saturday, January 05, 2013 by a colleague of mine.  He called me to tell me that he, too, had seen the UFO; except that he saw it in the town of Mount Kisco, NY. which is 15 minutes from Bedford."
"That was just wierd, i've never seen one of them do that before. The object seem to be miving in a iratical fashion for several secounds then straightened out it flight path and porceded to leave the area in a straight line headed notheast.   One winess described the first few secounds of the sighting as the craft seemed to act 'drunk' to use as a description of how the craft seemed to be acting. Another witness said the craft left in a slight arc to its flight path. ((NUFORC Note:  Witnesses elects to remain totally anonymous; provide no contact information.  PD))"
"A flying object hovering VERY LOW over tree tops with 4 bright huge lights.   Rolled down window of truck and heard a low engine sound."
"White and blue thing It was moving at an average speed,it was white with a tinge of blue and looked weird. at first i thought it was a shooting star but relized it didnt stop,it just kept going and it was a different shape then a shooting star,more of an oval like circle(off-circle)"
"no sound and 20 single lights in a straight line about a mile long."
"Odd trio of orange lights looking north toward LAX on evening of June 12, 2016 I'd just left my house to pick up a takeout order from a local restaurant.  It was just before 9 PM local time.  I looked up in the northern sky, which was dark.  Normally I see air traffic on final approach to LAX, which is only a few miles north of my home.  Traffic moves East to West on final approach for normal wind patterns, and hence traffic moves right to left as one looks North to the airport.   Tonight, I observed three bright lights, quite high in the northern sky.  They were irregularly spaced, and quite bright, of roughly the same brightness, in roughly a horizontal line (not precisely), and all were orange in color.  The color was strange to me, given the normal landing light (white) and navigation light (red and green) colors.  Usually, with LAX traffic, one can distinguish individual lights on the planes coming in for final.  These were single points as far as I could tell, and no flashing anti-collision lights.  The trio must have spanned 10 or 15 degrees from my vantage point.  Many times the size of a full moon in terms of angular separation between the leftmost and rightmost lights.  The other thing that seemed odd is that they were moving slowly from left to right - in other words Eastward.  That is very unusual for traffic at LAX. I kept my eyes on them on and off as I drove Eastward myself on Artesia Blvd (and Slausson) to the restaurant.  I pulled into the restaurant parking lot, and just as I was looking for a spot, I noticed that the lights were fading out.  No change in flight path.  Soon afterwards they disappeared entirely.  It was unclear whether there was low cloud cover in the distance that was obscuring the view to the lights - the sky was dark so it was impossible to tell.  But the lights never re-appeared. I'm a student pilot and aerospace engineer, so have a background in aircraft spotting.  These seemed very peculiar."
"I was in my attic apartment.  My room started to shake.  I thought it was an earthquake.  It woke me and my girlfriend.   At first we thought it was a low flying helicopter.  The sound was eerie.   I ran to get my cell phone to take a pic.  The aircraft was silver and gray.  It looked like an arrowhead.  The lights were orange.   The ship flew between two bright lights!  Then it soedef straight up and disappeared.  I have pics!"
"Strange glowing diamond-shaped object seen in night sky over Port-Of-Spain,Trinidad and Tobago. At about approximately 19:27 hrs on the 3/6/2013,I had just left a neighbourhood store, and was speaking to my brother on my cell phone,when something inside me said to look up,and I saw a diamond-shaped object,which could have been at an altitude of about 5,000 feet,proceeding in a north to south trajectory,and emitting an orange glow,which seemed to pulsate. I immediately told my brother what I was seeing over the phone,and I told the owners of the store,a husband and wife, to look up, and they both saw it too.  One of their friends who was seated to the front of the store also saw the object.    After about 2-3 minutes ,the orange glow that the object was emitting faded,and I saw quite clearly that the object had a distinctive diamond shape,and appeared solid,and looked white in color.   It made no audible sound,neither were there any other lights(navigation/anti-collision),so it definitely was not a conventional aircraft.  I, along with the other 3 witnesses h! ad the object under observation as it proceeded through the night sky which was very clear, and it headed in a Southerly direction over the Gulf-Of-Paria,until my view of the object was obscured by some trees on a nearby hillside. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Is anyone else seeing this now??  I'm downtown Denver and I'm looking west above the mountains.  Really high up there are lights pulsating and the UFO is stationary."
"I saw a cubic body with light violet color that move in the sky with rotation and also there was some cylindrical appendices in its surfaces."
"On Aug, 26, a bright, silvery-white light was observed; it appeared and disappeared three times in the due east at about 60-65 degrees. On Friday, August 26th, 2011, at about 20:30 hrs, standing on the deck of a friends' beach home on the West end,  I witnessed a large white light appear and disappear three times, at precisely equal intervals. It was a large, silvery-white light that appeared for about 2-3 seconds, disappeared for about 10-12 seconds, reappeared and disappeared again, and reappeared a third time for 2-3 seconds, then disappeared again.  We continued our vigil for about an hour after the third sighting, but did not observe any further sightings of the object. The near-dark sky was absolutely clear, there was a southerly breeze, and the object was about 60-65 degrees off the horizon at a nearly due east location.  It was very slightly horizontally oval and about the size of an English pea held at arm's length.  It was as bright and luminous as a vehicle head lamp with no observable structure in or around the object; no sounds whatsoever were heard emanating from the object. A friend on the deck with me observed the final 2-3 second interval and confirmed the sighting was indeed an anomalous bright silvery-white light, inexplicable in origin, with no sounds associated with the sighting. He called a friend about 40 miles inland and she stated that she saw the same consecutive trio of lights that I saw and was able to confirm that the sighting was at about 60-65 degrees and at a nearly due east location. From this same location a sighting was reported to the N.U.F.O.R.C. on August 12, 2100."
"Odd Bright Orange Object in the sky I was sitting on my deck at about 1:15AM looking west in the nights sky from the deck of my home and saw a bright orange object moveing east slowly for about 2 minutes.  The object then began moving south at the same speed and went out of view due to the roof of my home.  I immediately left my deck of my home to my driveway to get a better look and could not find it.  It was bright orange, not a falling star or commercial aircraft/satelite that I have ever witnessed before in my experience.  It moved like an aircraft much higher in the sky then a normal airplane. When it turned direction it was not a normal turn.  Very very odd.  No sound, no trail, no green or other colors just bright orange. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be flawed, but we cannot be certain.  PD))"
"Driving home going west, viewed white flashing light/object in driver's side mirror that stayed in the same spot for at least 45 minutes."
"There was a reflection on the window of a circular disk that seemed to be going in a circular motion it seemed like the reflection of the moon but it was behind the building so it couldnt have been when we turned to look what was causing ut we saw three of them in a triangular motion and one much larger that was spinning. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report provides no contact information.  PD))"
"3 Bright White Lights in the Sky Last night June 27, 2015, was thick marine layer in Newbury Park, CA.  It was after 11:00 pm, I was on the internet, and heard a low loud roar outside, like a plane too close to the house.   Went outside in the back yard and looked up\u2026didn\u2019t see any plane but saw three what I thought were at first glance very white bright round clouds\u2026..kept looking at them, they were strange and they were not moving and they were too white bright to be clouds, it looked like lights coming through the marine layer.  Lights were stationery and I ran to the front yard to look at it better.  It\u2019s darker in our front yard.   The three lights were there for about six minutes total, and then suddenly, they all three disappeared at the same time.  These clouds turned themselves off.  I waited and searched the sky for half an hour but didn\u2019t see anything else.    Went on the internet and found one other person who saw what I saw just minutes before I saw it and that person lives in Anaheim, CA."
"The sky was green with white light streaming through it.  I was headed to bed and saw this thinking Northern lights... there was a few flashes.  Sharp, one moment, and a wave the next.   I woke up my family to confirm and witness what I was seeing.  I just read a similar story from next town over.  It's confirmed. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Slow-moving amber light heading east over ocean. Then disappeared. My friend and I were walking to my car outside to go to Publix and happened to look at the sky. Over to the east we saw a bright amber-yellowish light moving east very slowly. It continued moving east at a slow pace for 20-30 seconds then dimmed and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Formation of approximately eight hazy illuminated triangles flew over La Jolla CA moving E to W. I was on my back deck in La Jolla tonight when I saw formation of lighted objects flying fast overhead (moving east to west).  I only saw them for a few seconds before they disappeared out of view.  They were triangular in shape, but hazy around the edges.  They made no sound at all.  I pointed to the sky, speechless, trying to get my husband to look.  All I could say was \"Are those birds?\" because they were flying in formation.  But they were moving too fast.  My husband thought they were shooting stars, but he only saw the last bit of the formation.   By way of background information, my husband and I are both lawyers and we had not been drinking.  I'm a big fan of astronomy and have spent a lot of time looking at the sky over the years.  I have never seen anything like this in my life."
"Perfect  giant circular hole in heavy clouds with a clear blue sky only within the hole. One morning in late October 2006, as I prepared to leave for work, I went out to my back yard to feed the pets.  My back door faces east towards the I57 highway which is approximately 400 hundred feet to the east of my home.  I always check the sky and get an idea of the weather.  This was approximately 8:00 AM.   I looked up at the eastern sky which was mostly cloudy and immediately observed a giant circle of a hole - exposing a clear blue sky- in the clouds.  My first thought was that it was not normal.  I looked at it for several minutes, but the clouds never moved or closed over the hole.  I returned indoors, completed my preparations for work and departed the house at approximately 8:45AM.  I could still see that the huge hole in the clouds had not moved or grown any smaller.  I took the north entrance ramp to I57 at Burr Oak Avenue that kept the unusual sky to my immediate right at all times.  Traffic was moderately heavy for a Tuesday morning rush hour, but not slow.   I was able to observe the sky constantly northeast or east of me for the twenty minutes it takes for me to drive from my home to my job on the southeast side of Chicago in the South Shore community.  The formation remained unchanged for the forty-five to sixty minutes that I observed it.  I recall that it was mentioned on the evening news during the weather report because people had called or e-mailed about it.  It was explained away as a cloud occurrence that may have been caused by jet fuel or engine fuel exhaust from a plane.  I thought, \"No Way!\"  I think a picture of it was sent to the Daily Southtown newspaper as well.  I am writing about it because of the sighting that took place at O\u2019Hare Airport occurred on November 7, 2006, and the disk that was observed hovering over the airport hanger was said to have created the exact type of hole which I observed in the eastern sky over the far south side of Chicago a week prior to this event at the airport.  I believe we had a visitor. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Moving lights in the sky with what looked like radio/cell tower structures (beams) below them but too high in the sky to be towers.. I was walking my dogs this morning.  I saw red and white lights in the sky.  They looked like radio towers or cell towers but they were too high to be either.  At first I thought, \"how in the world could they have put up radio or cell towers sudddenly without my noticing it?\"  I walked quickly to try to see where they were really located, knowing there were no hills or mountains around where they could be mounted upon.  The morning was foggy and cold, not sure what the temperature was but there was frost on windshields so I'd guess maybe 30 degrees.  I wondered if cold fog could create mirages where objects looked displaced from their actual physical location.  As I walked further east, trying to get a good look at them without bare trees in the way they were always behind the trees, meaning that they moved to the north slightly as I walked.  I can't remember for sure but it seemed like maybe 3 red lights and one white light with what looked like tower structures below them (beams?).  I headed south trying to get a look at them without bare trees in the way andd as I walked south they were still behind the trees, maybe 10-15 degrees above the horizon.  When I finally got to a point where I should have had a good view of them they disappeared.  As I drove to work I looked to see if there were any mountains or hills in the area where radio/cell towers would have been mounted just to check to make sure.  There were none.  As I said, it was a foggy morning since the Yakima River has fog over it on cold mornings this time of the year.  But the light/towers were well above the the height of the fog. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Follow up on report about red and white lights on what looked like radio towers; they were radio towers. The report I filed yesterday on the red and white lights turned out to actually be radio towers.  The fog must have played tricks with these making them appear much higher in the sky.  Apologies for reporting something that turned out to be simply radio towers."
"MADAR Node 116"
"Three Orange Spheres in a Rectangular  Cluster with a Pulsating Sphere on the Right Side My sister and I were walking our dog.  It was a clear crystal night with no clouds in the sky.  There was a cluster of three orange spheres in a rectangular shape.  These spheres remained in a hovering position.  The spheres were very close together and maintained a hazy appearance.  On the right portion of the rectangle, there was a pulsating sphere.   We went to go show our friend and not even two minutes later, coming back to the exact same spot, the lights were gone."
"A bright, spherical object hovered thousands of feet above Guilderland, NY before vanishing in broad daylight. On Friday, February 13, 2015, I was driving west on U.S. Route 20 approaching the intersection of New York State Route 155 in Guilderland, NY when I spotted a bright, unidentified flying object in the distance to the northwest, thousands of feet in the air. At first, I thought it might be a plane either descending toward or flying away from me (since there\u2019s an international airport about 6 miles northeast of where I was driving), but as I continued driving toward it I became more convinced that it was actually a spherical object hovering stationary in the sky, since it had no wings and was staying in place.  It was also too high in the air to have been a helicopter hovering in place, in my opinion. As I continued toward the intersection keeping my eyes on the object I drove past some tall trees to might left, which came between me and the object and caused me to lose sight of it for about 5 seconds.  When I came out the other side of the trees the object had vanished.  This was strange to me because the sky was completely clear of clouds and the sun was well-off to the southwest, so there was nothing for this object to fly behind and the sun could not have obscured my vision. The entire event occurred over approximately 30 seconds. The time of day was 4:33 p.m. EST and the sky was clear.  I continued searching the sky for the object as I continued driving west on Route 20, but I was unable to locate it again."
"Bright flash of light. solid white object in the sky. disappeared after a couple seconds.  Seen while driving . I was driving on the highway and there was a huge flash of light.  The light lit up the entire town, possibly more.   As I looked around for a split second I noticed a very bright ball of light in the sky ahead of.   This light was almost tear dropped.  It was moving downwards at a high rate.   After a couple seconds it disappeared.   My dad inside the house with closed blinds saw this flash of light.   The house is about 2-3 minutes from my location at the time, in a neighborhood with houses all around. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness confirms a nighttime sighting.  We have amended the time above.  PD))"
"2 dark color ovals hovering very high in the sky for 20 minutes. One hovered up in the sky for about 15 minutes then another appeared right next to the other. Then they both faintly disappeared. They were a dark color."
"On video one craft ..  On amateur rocket launch .. 1 min and 29 seconds after rocket was launch,UFO appear for split second .  it look disk shape I had mail the video to MR Davenport .Sorry on my last rapport I had put in the date wrong so here is a new rapport with correct date. ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  The source of the report has sent video, but we are unable to determine what it is that he finds anomalous in the film.  PD))"
"A yellow/orange glowing oval shaped object left two large white puffy condensation trails in its wake rocketing across the sky. A yellow/orange glowing oval shaped object flew east to west across a blue sky in downtown Tilton, NH. (coordinates 43.444137, -71.586744) leaving two large white puffy condensation trails in its wake.  The object appeared to be flying in an upward trajectory of about 10 degrees from my perspective.  After 15 seconds the object got far enough away that it looked like it was flying away from me when the huge condensations trails behind the oval glowing orb stopped and the object disappeared.  The yellow-orange object moved faster than any aircraft I\u2019ve ever witnessed at a similar altitude with a disproportionately large condensation trail compared to the size of the craft and it made no noise."
"ufo We are outside watch the superbowl when these group of red balls of lights fly by slowly in the formation of a dimond the 1 min later another group of lights fly by the were heading west they came from the the east  i have not seen anything like that in my life, nor the other 9 people"
"me and my buddy are fishing and we saw a reflection on the water and looked up and I passed over  with out making a sound! The object was triangle shape with around 7 to 10 lights."
"Orange ball of light moves slowly across the sky, then disappears in a flash of white. Object was a ball of Orange light that moved slowly in a Northwestern direction.  It seemed to stay in one spot in the sky for a few moments, then grew smaller quickly and finally disappeared. Right after disappearing we saw a small flash of white light from the same area of the sky, and then there was no more lights of any kind. There were three of us that witnessed this.  We are all in our late twenties, early thirties. The ball of light was much larger in the beginning of the sighting and as it moved west it grew smaller exponentially."
"Circular objects observed over shcool campus. Children at a local school playground obeserved two circular objects dancing in the sky. Objects oberved lowering to horizen then rising. Both pbjects observed moving at fast speeds. Objects altitude about 36,ooo feet high. Objects were observed being chased by americna aircraft."
"Phoenix 101 Driving on 101 in Phoenix. Two very bright white lights appeared over the highway. At first we thought it wad a plane, but the object held position in the sky.  As our car drove under it all I could see was the two hovering lights parallel to each other suspended above."
"Fast white hazy object larger than jet incredibly fast and noiseless and higher than 30K ft Hazy sky.  Outside listening to radio.  Heard passenger jet from North following N/S jet lane at about 30K ft.  Turned around to watch it.  An oblong-shaped faint white object from East, heading westbound, crosses in front of passenger jet path.  Not a bird.  Not shining. At first I thought it crossed at altitude lower than jet.  But it passed through layers of haze at altitude above jet.  Not an altitude optical illusion as would be due to blending by an averaging reflection, rather by occultation from haze.  Object was never well-defined body as well as was the jet body. It \"gently\" changed course to SW path.  I estimate its speed at about Mach 2 to Mach 5.  Incredibly fast.  No contrail.  No shock front.  No sound other than passenger jet sound.  Silent object.  Larger than jet body.  Do not know what jet vendor was, but was like an MD-80 in general shape, two engines, leaving persistant contrail.  I cannot assign the object to anything I know of."
"I saw four slow moving bright objects with bright red running through each one moving across the sky in pairs. At 10:45 I saw two red flying objects.  Slow moving from South to North.  They both were red with a bright light in the center along with bright red light running through the center.  I ran into the house to get phone and took pictures.  A few minutes later, I saw two more exactly the same and appeared to be traveling the same distance apart as the previous two."
"Glowing light slowing down, speeding up and wobbling in the air at night. I was standing outside when I saw a glowing light moving across the sky.  There weren't any flashing lights like a plane would have so I was concerned.  As it neared the trees it slowed down almost to a stop and wobbled back and forth and proceeded to move forward and repeat this slowing and wobbling phenomenon until the trees blocked my view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Weird looking object hovering,then moving quickly. I was driving on Hartfield - Centralia Road (a.k.a. county touring rte 54) in Chautauqua county N.Y. at about 8:45 am on the morning of April 1, 2014. As I neared the intersection with Ellery - Centralia road,I happened to look to the left out the driviers side window. I saw an object hovering in the air in the clear blue morning sky! It looked like it was hanging there motionless!  I pulled over and stopped to see what it was and to see if it really was motionless. Once I was stopped,I could see that this object was actually moving very,very slowly to the west. I got a pretty good look at it. It was roughly tadpole shaped with a little nub of some sort sticking out on one side. It was not at all smooth looking like a helicopter or plane.  It had a lot of angles all over it so it looked kind of lumpy. I'm mildly color blind,but this looked thing like the color of an old penny...metallic,but not very reflective at all. It had no wings, no windows, no propellers, no rotors, no landing gear and no markings of any kind. It kind of reminded me of a clenched fist where the knuckles were the angles mentioned above. This thing looked too bulky and non-aerodynamic to fly! It was at about the height where a helicopter would fly...low enough to see well. It was hovering over the part of Cassadaga swamp that curves around the end of the hill towards Stockton and Stockton State Forest.  I looked at it for a moment and asked myself \"What the hell is that?\" Lacking an answer (and a camera) and having time constraints,I moved on. I kept watching it through the trees until the terrain obscured it from my sight. As I entered the intersection with Ellery - Centralia road I looked back over my shoulder out the drivers side window. There was the object...looking the same...but now moving quite quickly toward where I had just come from. If I'd had a camera I would've probably turned left and tried to get some pictures of it. Who knows what might've happened then! (Even though it was April Fools day I don't think this thing could have been any kind of hoax! There's noone to prank out there over the swamp!)  I told a few people about this and,a few days later,this one lady said her husband works with someone who lives near there. She said that this person supposedly saw the same object on the same day I did. I dont know what time they saw it.  Over time,a lot of strange things have been seen around Cassadaga Swamp and the surrounding area! Some of those things have been reported on this very NUFORC website!"
"Dumbell-shaped object with bright light and roaring noise. Date: Sunday 27th July 2008. Time: 10.20 pm. Location: Warrington, Cheshire, UK. Just to set the scene:  This Sunday had been particularly warm (at least by UK weather standards) and quite humid.  It had been like this for a couple of days. We have a 3 year old daughter, who was getting a cold and had a bit of a temperature.  Combined with the heat, she wasn't particularly happy.  My wife was upstairs with her and I was in the living room downstairs.  The lights were all off, and I was sitting in my recliner listening to a podcast on my laptop.  The windows were open at the other end of the room, and next to me the patio doors were also open, in order to let a breeze blow through. The patio doors lead out to decking in our back yard.  I can also see the front of the garage, which has a motion activated light on it.  (This tends to go off when people walk past, or sometimes when cars go by.  It's quite sensitive.)  Just as my wife came back into the room at 10.20pm, there was an extremely loud roaring noise outside.  The garage light came on (which may have been coincidental) and I saw the object flash over the garage, from the direction of the house (ie from 'above' me), and disappear. I went out to the decking as quickly as I could but it was nowhere to be seen. I will give the best description I can.  Imagine a dumbbell (two balls joined by a cylinder).  Imagine that the two balls were flattened discs, with black centres.  The bar joining the two discs had a bright white light on it.  The two discs reminded me of turbojet fans, but this may have been suggestion caused by the noise.  From the light in the middle the object seemed to be made of a shiny metal. I only saw it for about 1-2 seconds, it moved very fast.  It looked about the size of a small car, but I have no way of judging how high up it was.  My wife heard the roar but didn't see the object, as she was too far away from the patio doors. I have seen several UFO's before.  These have been a silver disc flying next to Concorde (at age 12, an din broad daylight), a blue light hovering over some woods at night (age 13-14) and a rotating triangle with a light at each corner at night from a car (also at appx age 13-14).  I am 39 years of age now. I know of this site from the Jeff Rense show, and know that you welcome reports from anywhere in the world."
"Shiny sphere sighted over North Smithfield farm. I was mowing a lawn at my mothers farm when it started to rain.  I raced back to the garage to get to a dry area and the rain started mixing with hail.  I stayed in the garage for 10 mins then went back outside and looked up at the clouds to try and see if more rain was coming.   That\u2019s when I noticed a small circular object passing just below cloud level.  I think it was metal as when the sun reflected off it you could see it shine like chrome.   I squinted hard to see it as it was very small.  It moved slowly across the sky, sometimes dipping into the clouds. It left no chemtrails or smoke behind it and made no sound.  It definitely wasn\u2019t a plane.  It definitely wasn\u2019t a balloon either as its path was straight and deliberate."
"A big, bright, white star appeared out of no where and started moving to the sky and made lops. There wasn't many stars out last night; it was preety much clear. I opened my window and went to bed. Then I had a strange feeling and opened my eyes.  Out of no where I saw this star, it was so beautiful. It was a big star, it was a bright white color, and it just appeared out of no where.  I thought it was suspicious but didn't think much of it, I was even going to make a wish on it.  Then I saw it moveing very slowly, it was going up to the sky.  I thought it was just me seeing things but I did not stop looking at it.  It started going up faster then when it was up higher it made three lops and I couldn't see it anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Saucer Shaped Craft seen by over 50 people Independance Day 1977, Granby MA Independence Day, 1977.  Getting ready to watch fireworks at Mountain Park on Mount Tom (amusement park, no longer open).  Looking West.  Craft moved NW to SE, hovered East of Granby at between 500 and 800ft alt.  Close enough to see at least two figures through windows that ran around the edge of saucer craft, that appeared to be about 40' in diameter.   Craft hung for about 3 min, then tilted slight and raced off in a SE direction.  About 30 seconds later, two jet fighters appeared and went same direction.   The incident was reported in the local newspaper, but a few years later that issue was pulled and is no longer on file with library.  At the time, there was a follow up article that stated Westover AFB and nearby airport would not release radar records.  At least 50 people and perhaps many more saw the craft.  Consensus was it was most probably a secret military aircraft."
"Orange oval shaped object in Michigan I was driving to my boyfriend's house and turned into his subdivision. I noticed an orange oval shaped object hovering in the northern (and slightly west) sky. I quickly compared it to a street lamp, which were much smaller and close to the ground. This object that I saw did not appear to be moving, and I could not look at it very long since I was driving. But it was about 45 degrees above the horizon, and looked about the size of a quarter (but in oval form). I don't know what I saw, but I know it wasn't an airplane or light."
"two sets of five/six bright yellow lights too high to be an animal, too low/big to be aircraft /star appear out of nowhere in rural IL Driving home, I turned into my drive way (150 ft) to my rural home.  Half way down the drive way, I noticed a bright yellow light in the sky which quickly turned into two lights. Then to the right of the lights another one appeared, then two or three more on the right side.  The lights were almost in a hooking pattern like they were around a disc-shaped aircraft.  Quickly, almost the exact same thing happened to the right of the first set of lights.  One light turned into two then quickly into five or six. It was way too big to be a plane.  The lights were not as high up in the sky as a plane would be. The lights were also too far apart to be anything like a plane.  It was like they were lights on a disc-shaped aircraft.  I immediately picked up my phone and tried to call someone else who lives in my house (this is how I know it was at 10:43pm), then panicked and drove my car as fast as I could down my drive-way and into my garage, jumped out of my car without even! turning my lights off and ran inside to wake someone up. I was terrified.  I was so scared that I couldn't speak for two or three minutes. I ran back outside to look back up into the sky and they were gone.  I was shaking bad for about thirty minutes. I continued to shake the rest of the night and had goose bumps for hours afterward.  I have never believed in this sort of thing and it really shook me up.  I have never been anything even close to as scared as I was for that night.  I was shaking the rest of the night and ended up sleeping with my lights on, afraid to go back outside. I know there is no way this could have been any sort of star (they was too close and were bright yellow), aircraft (they were too close and appeared out of nowhere), or any thing else that I've ever seen in the sky.  It was too far up to be any kind of animal and too close and big to be any type of aircraft I have ever seen."
"there were two of them and every now and then they would turn their out ahd back on. My wife and I moving an odd patterns(It was too far away) and I've been seeing these UFO's nearly eve3ry night for several months. Last night I saw two of them  One in the southwest and one in the northwest quadrant of the sky. Then a third one came out of the west and docked with the one in the northwest. The only I could tell about them was the crafts were glowing with blue and white lights and they moved a strange pattern at one point one of them was overhead."
"I live in an airpark a few miles northwest of the town of Wickenburg, AZ.   I have a game camera set up to monitor traffic on the main dirt runway.   Every few weeks, I pull the chip to see what pictures are on it.   The camera is set to take 3 pictures \u201cas fast as possible\u201d when the unit is triggered.   This is about 1-2 seconds between pictures.   The triggered pictures are noted A, B & C at the bottom of each.    On July 16th at 2:17 am the camera snapped 2 pictures of something I cannot explain, and for whatever reason it did not snap the 3rd \u201cC\u201d picture.    I\u2019m sending the 2 pictures along with a daytime picture of the runway for comparison.  Of interest to me is the fact that whatever the object is it does not appear to be moving,  it\u2019s in the same place in both pictures.   At first I thought it must be some kind of bug on the lens,  but the camera lens and the trigger lens are 2 different things in 2 different places on the camera.    Also, I live on t! he border of 2 Military Operations Areas (MOAs) and I can sit out on my porch and watch the F16\u2019s and F35\u2019s out of Luke Air Force base in their night time training as they launch their flares and chaff.  This is not that.   These pictures are looking west into the MOA,  but the object has to be near the camera for it to trigger."
"New type of aircraft? It appears as if there were 3 crafts moving roughly SW.  The sound was what I initially noticed because we are not near a large airport. The lights were bright orange and looked like a fireball.  One of the crafts had the burst of fire, traveled a distance, another fireball, traveled a distance and a third fireball.  It almost looked like it was \"using thrusters\" (to use a sci-fi term). The bursts of light were about 10 times brighter than you would see on a commercial aircraft when its white light is blinking. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was standing outside when I saw something in the sky not moving and it rapidly went away in a flash. I'm outside the front of my house in the street listening to Frank Ocean and I'm dancing by myself with my dog and I look up and my dogs looks up as well I can't move I see something in the sky and it looks like a plane but it's not moving and it has the green lights that a plane usually has and I'm staring at it and it then moves extremely fast zooming so fast that it appears to be a flash of white light and then it's gone."
"I don't know what else to say! its been driving me crazy,I want to see it again Was driving south on 75 was in an industrial was a lot of ground light.looked slightly to the left and saw what looked like a x pattern coming slowly across the highway, o lights at all.the x pattern looked like very dim ovals.barely visible.never seen anything like this before,no noise,no lights.could not make out any other shape behind the x,except a blackish back ground that seemed to absorb the ground light.I never believed in this stuff until last night.have you had any other sightings of this kind? please let me know. Thanks ((name deleted))"
"Brightly glowing scaucer shaped UFO moving slowly overhead with a \"scanning\" beam of light moving and coming from the bottom . I went out very early just past 4AM with my pug dog to let him do his buisness . And saw this glowing object in the night sky   I went and got my camera to get a pic.  It appeared to be moving slowly south around 20-30 feet in diamiter and both glowed and emited light or energy from the bottom that moved forward and back as well as right to left like it was scanning below it or something & was about a couple of miles or a bit more more away. I am familar with the blimps that come around for the Jags home games as well as hot air ballons ,airplanes,  helicopters, and have taken pic of them, and even the stealth bomber and fighter jets from the navy bases around here and such and all of them make some noise you can hear .  Specially in the dead of night like this but this glowing object was totally silent as it moved through the earlt morn sky ."
"Seven 'Light' 'Spheres's' - in synchronicty moving in the sky - unlike anything my wife and I have ever seen. Ever. Sunday, June 19th \u2013 approximately 245am   Location of sighting:  Midtown, Atlanta, GA, (30308)   My wife and I were (sitting) on our front deck.  Second floor front deck.  In the midst of a conversation we were having about her work department (a rather important natured dialogue), my wife said to me,  \u201cBabe- oh my god-babe.. look\u201d (verbatim).  She stood and pointed directly past me \u2013 west, north west \u2013 I got up and turned toward the direction she was pointing at \u2013 the direction toward the sky. I turned and looked and saw SEVEN (I eventually counted) rotating lights in the sky- I (we) immediately thought they were Hollywood style sky spotlights \u2013 the ones you would see in the sky for a premier of a show, a movie.  But they were not: too late in the morning \u2013way too late. We continued to watch these \u201clight-spheres\u201d and could only make them out \u2013with the eye \u2013when they passed through the moving puffy clouds.  Meaning that they only made themselves apparent when passing through the clouds.  When they didn\u2019t pass through the clouds there was ZERO trace of them.  They passed through the clouds in incredibly bizarre formations-they bounced off one another\u2013we watched for 20 minutes (approx.) until the clouds passed. It was simply surreal."
"Reddish sphere seen from georgetown Ill in sky North East of Danville Illinois I and 7 other passengers was driving back from Georgetown, Ill. to Danville, ILL. around 22:40 on October 18th 2014.  When driving north, I looked to the north east to see what just appeared out of a black sky above the tree line was a pinkish-red color sphere levitating in the air.  I thought it might had been a plane exploding, but never changed it's color nor fell to the ground. It stayed the same color and levitated in one spot,  It was brighter then the stars. it was brighter then the red beacon lights on the towers. it lasted approximately 15 to 30 seconds, then noticed it disappeared with no sound and no movement."
"Orange objects movie across night sky with no noise. Over 10 to 20 orange objects moving south with no noise and moving kind of in a straight line.  They seemed kind of low in altitude.   3 people saw this happen. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESSES)) Yes - this was for the anonymous source in Glen Ellyn, Illinois.  I did not manage to get a picture of all of them together.  It happened so fast and they were moving fast.  Everything was over within 5 minutes, I guess.  3 other people saw this and we are wondering why there was nothing on the news last night? First time we saw UFO's.  They did not look like anything man made. Thank you for your followup and I'm also glad someone is performing this service. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"City wide blackout with strange strobe lights County wide blackout left our neighborhood in city limits pitch black.  Husband and I went outside and saw strobe light flashing of green, red, and white over the tall oaks.  People from all over the county saw something different but all thought it had something to do with something not of this world.   The reports today on SurfKy.com stated something vaguely of an explosion.  It doesn't seem to fit due to the massive amounts of people that were outside at midnight to see (and feel) this.  It felt very uneasy.   The dogs started going berserk in the neighborhood just before the power came back on.   The lights lasted for about 15 of the 45 minutes that the power was out.  Very strange.   If it WAS an explosion, there was no sound and no damage that an \"explosion\" that could be viewed from all sides of the city would have made.   We are getting lied to."
"UFO gives light show in urban amerca, party on! not. Our back yard faces John Wayne Airport and it is quiet common to see planes fly over.  However this night it was over cast.  I was letting the dog out, and saw a round red light come from out of the marine layer.  I thought it was odd because it came downward and I wasn't hearing anything.  I looked up to my sons room and heard him talking to his friend online, I lit a cigarette, and turned back towards the craft. I noticed it was coming very fast towrds me; which is odd, and theres no sound. As I took a puff off my smoke, the think flashed.   So out of curiosity I swung my cigarette back and forth and sure enough this craft flashed red and a dim white, then dropped like sparkler like sparks out of the bottom.  I called to my son and yelled for him to get his camera, but he didn't hear me. I have bad legs, so I hobbled into the house to get my phone because it has a camera on it and it was totally gone.  It looked like it was over the police station if I had to! judge its placement.  But sure did make me scared, and it takes alot to shake me up."
"Unexplained red and white light, like a star, visible for 10 seconds then fades out very quickly I saw a bright light, like a star, in the North East sky.  It was 45 degrees above the horizon, maybe less, it was red and white.  It seemed to pulse.  I waited for it to move. I thought it might be a plane but there were no flashing lights.  It was just red and white.  I compared it to the stars overhead and they were not as bright, but similar in size.   Then as I was watching it, it faded to black, very quickly but it seemed to be a visible fade.  I waited to see if it was a cloud passing over but it did not seem to be a cloud. It did not come back.  I would have thought it was a satellite, but it was not moving and I thought it was too late in the evening to see a satellite that seemed very close."
"Diamond shape.  Orangish redish color.  Descending brightness. 4 lights in a diamond shape going down in brightness and disappeared in groups (darkest to brightest).  Lasted about 30-60 seconds ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"green fireball shaped object I was out stargazing at about 11:30 eastern time with my binoculars  it was a clezar night in a new remote spot I found outside the city. I actually was able to asee the milky way. Anyway I was looking up w my binoculars in a star cluster i saw what I thought to be a satelite. while I took the bioculars away from my face to see the object with my naked eye i lost sight of it it was heading north way in the atmosphere. It was starting to get cold I went in my truck to put on another shirt as i closed the door and walked back to my observing position I saw a huge green fireball like object very luminous object at a low altitude maybe 1000ft or less heading north I do not know what it was but it was not a meteor but it was breathtaking to say the least..."
"Brilliant Light Shines and Disappears I remember the exact day because it was that of the $500 million lottery drawing.  My girlfriend and I were on the way to purchase a few tickets. We pulled into the local gas station parking lot and through the sun roof a brilliant light was shining, almost floating in our direction. We both saw it and I commented to how it was flying very low.  It was not a plane as we saw planes, indicated by blinking lights, flying in the back ground. After parking, instead of rushing to buy lotto tickets, I was curious and wanted to see if I could hear the motor flying the mysteriously bright light.  I  could hear nothing, and I've been known to have keen ears.   My girlfriend and I were just looking at it when I noticed Venus next to the moon.  I know it was Venus because i used a star map app to find out.  As I focused on Venus, with the app, my girlfriend looked away from the shining object. An instant later the brilliant shining light was gone.  I wanted to put the object in the app but no suck luck. We were also out of luck when it came to winning the lottery.  Maybe next time we'll get a video and the money."
"a light or 2 was flying unusual near/above Las Vegas i saw some light flying like a U letter from north to south, than a bit east, than north again, than south, than west, than north.  and back, and some other strange movements what a drone, baloon, rocket, aeroplane, helicopter, or any known object can not fly like that for like 20 seconds.  like a swing with a children on it doing a U movement/fly or whatever.  they was moving on the sky not flying, they go up and down,and up and down. this happened in the sky in a big area like a 50 sqare mile.  Helicopters cannot fly/move like that. like up and down, and when they was moving the light become stronger a bit, and bit lighter. same like when they lost the gps signal and they was trying to catch the signal, just i don't see any sense why they was doing that U kind of fly on the sky i saw this from Las Vegas like 3 weeks ago (i cant tell you exact date),was before midnight, i was going to eat tacos and that taco place close at midnight,so was like 11:30 and was on the sky on the north west part of Las Vegas, somewhere like 30 miles outside the city or maybe more.  I was walking on West Tropicana from east to west and i saw them (on the map between Cold Creek and Corn Creek).  The light was flying in this U kind of movements for like 20 seconds than was like when you of the light and didn't see them anymore. Thank you to listening my story! Lajos V."
"Orange ball traveled west then disappeared in thin air. Large orange ball of light flying slowly west bound, disappeared after a short time like it had a cloak on it.  I swear I could still see it a little, a shimmer of blue like electricity as it was disappearing. There was a helicopter in the sky flying south and at a lower altitude.  So I know it wasn't a normal aircraft.  It was random, I was about to go to bed when I glanced out the window and happened to see it.  I wanted to take a video but it already vanished before I could think to pick up my phone."
"I was driving down chase ave going toward lakewood rd and i looked in the sky and seen what i frist thought was airplane fling low and slow then i stoped and the ufo was not moving that when i knew it was a ufo.  It was just setting there in the sky and i was in rush hour traffic.  It looked like an airplane an it was black"
"Right front passenger saw a light moved quick percision left and over vehicle and at same time a laser drew line front of driver side l"
"3 lights flying similar to a satellite, but 2 of the lights faded in and out of sight I noticed a dim solid white light, appearing very much like a satellite, travelling west to east, speed very similar to that of a satellite or the space station.  Then in front of this light, about 1 moon distance, appeared a second solid light.  This second light, traveling slightly higher and at the same speed, was the same size and intensity but over a 5 second span it would fade into view and then fade out completely. This repeated at a uniform rate until they both disappeared near the tree line near the horizon.  In addition, a third light started fading in and out right next to the second light, at the same rate and speed.  All three were moving at the same speed and were spaced differently between each other.  I witnessed this for around 20 seconds and then called 3 others that were indoors to come out and they witnessed another 20 seconds.  None of us had seen anything like this.  It definitely was not a plane.  I would say it was a satellite or the space station but the consistent fading in and out of light 2 and 3 has me baffled.  I researched space station fly over times and it was not flying over at the time"
"A moving, shifting light in afternoon sky I was filming some clouds and noticed the \u2018object\u2019 when I was watching it later.  I was no where near glass or windows- way out to n the lot.  I don\u2019t know, it\u2019s probably some bird,  but I thought I\u2019d send it in."
"Orange glow in sky above broken arrow. Standing outside at work after clocking in at 05.51 a.m..  Saw orange glowing in north sky above broken arrow.  It was a large orange ball of light that slowly faded like going behind clouds."
"Daytime sighting of saucer from downtown high rise which disappeared.  Picture taken after vanishing showing craft form. Seated at an Easter brunch early afternoon on a cloudless, sunny, mildly warm day.  I noticed circular craft floating in sky, stationary but wobbly. -in my eye line which was on the 25 floor and about three city blocks away.  Truly looked like a badly made stage prop from a \"b\" film from the fifties! I went to window preparing my camera phone.  As I watched in awe it just stayed in one place, half the time wobble, the other half motionless (didn't appear to spin but was a saucer shape, (from the side, oval)--I could just make out that it was a mottled gray.  Not smooth.  As I began to snap pic it disappeared--literally blinked out becoming invisible (with no accompanying light). I sensed that it surely must still be there and thought to take a picture of area of sky where it was, focusing carefully on building it was next (same distance.  I had a strong intuition it was there but just not visible. Sure enough an object appears in pic.  A faint ring with three orbs on ring- two close together and another a bit further along the ring, both on one half of the ring.  In order to see the object (which was the same size in picture as object I saw with my dad eyes.)  I made sure to check out all light figures in room to insure it was not a reflection.  My camera did not have a flash.      I still have picture."
"Red Saucer does a loop around Allentown before disappearing A flashing red light with a simultaneous white light, and was saucer shaped (a circular figure with a football shape through the center.  Could also be described as a round diamond or much like Saturn with the rings, except a solid red flashing light.)   I was looking at the stars at night when a blinking like distracted me.  At first, I thought it was a plane, but upon closer inspection, the shape, colors, behavior and strangeness determine a UFO.   The round object looked about 2 to 3 times bigger than a plane.  It moved incredibly slow and hovered, and would slowly zig zag up and down and then would sit stil and move quickly along.   The flying object traveled from the south of Allentown to the west.   When trees were blocking the UFO, I ran to the front of my house and no longer saw it.  After about five minutes, the UFO reappeared from my left (West) and traveled to my far right (North) within minutes before disappearing.  The stars in the sky appeared to have a reddish \"twinkle,\" and the night sky looked active with distant faint flashes of light  surrounding individual stars (I swear I'm mentally sound\u2026)  But the one-second flashes almost seemed to be charging the UFO before taking off.  Similar to lighting or electricity touching an object, each star was encompassed or surrounded by these static flashes of \"light-energy.\"   I took video but my iPhone couldn't focus in the dark.  Really amazing experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Three Golden or Deep Yellow Oval lights over Holden, Massachusetts It was 10:45 pm on August 16, 2014 - a quite Saturday night. I had just let my dog in from going to do her business in the back yard.  It was a mostly overcast and cool night outside.  I was still outside and was enjoying a cigar..   I was standing on my back deck which faces eastward.  It was dark outside and very quite. A bright golden or deep yellow oval shape light went overhead traveling eastward (I know it is east because the sun rises from this same vantage point in the mornings into my kitchen).... I don't know how high the light was because of the spotty cloud cover but it was traveling slowly - maybe 20mph - 30mph ?...but made no sound and I mean NO SOUND at all.....I was thinking what the hell was that when the 2nd one went overhead in the exact path as the first....and perhaps 10 sec later a 3rd in the same line.....by now I was a little scared  and was waiting to see if a forth light came but none did.... The oval lights (all three of them) were the size of a basket ball but without know how high up they were it doesn't really help I know.   I have never seen anything like this and was a little shaken by the sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"saw a formation of three lights hovering over a cliff with a beam from the largest light ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the source does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"White egg shape object spotted while working I had just returned from lunch, back to the construction sight I was working at.  As I started getting everything going again, I saw a white egg shaped flying object in a otherwise blue sky.  I thought it was sideview of a plane but it went up like a helicopter, but there were rutters.  It then preceded to continue going in the direction it start, left.  It went out of sight and I would've had to leave the job to see it and I wasnt able to."
"Bright orange, cigar shaped floating object. Bright orange craft, three bright dots in center.  Floating, did not move.   Immediately disappeared after about a minute or so."
"Triangle at night, no lights or sound; fast. I was homeless at the time and happened to be lying down in a field on a clear evening.  While looking at the night sky I noticed a black w/ brownish tinge colored ufo traveling east over the atlantic  (I was about 1 mile from shore). The first thing I did after watching for a few seconds was to close one eye and check with the other and then visa versa.  It was a triangular shape approximately the size of a Boeing 737.  The shape was rounded at the corners and was wider than it was in length.  I would estimate the altitude at 20,000 feet.  The vehicle had no lights and absolutely no sound could be heard. Based on the fact that it blacked out stars as as it traveled and again estimating altitude at around 20k this thing was moving.  Noticeably faster that a commercial flight and the speed I would estimate at mach 2+  I am adament about the speed, which is strange as anything traveling that fast (I'm being conservative on the speed)should be making some sort of sound or at least have nav lights. I am an Air Force veteran and have seen SR-71's as I was at Beale AFB I worked on the flightline so I've seen a lot of aircraft.  It was not a F-117.  That's just a side note. There is no doubt in my mind that what I saw is not something that is currently being flown by any country.  It was quiet where I was, no traffic, just silence as this went by. I watch a lot of discovery channel and know what ramjets and pulse detonation engines are, scramjets, etc. I have no idea what I saw, but I will always remember it."
"Object was bright lit and changed shapes. I work in the patch and I was in my rig when I looked up into the night sky and saw a glowing object.  It wasn't that far up in the sky it was actually pretty close.   As I watched this object it started to change shapes.  I watched it also move in unexplained directions.  I took my iPhone out and started taking pictures as the object changed shapes.  I have about 8 close pictures of it and I will send a couple in this form. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Hovering, long object with bright green lights quickly shot off into another direction at a high speed. As I exited the interstate at approximately 5:45am on 4/12/18, I noticed a hovering object with a bright (neon) green light (non-flashing).  It was above the tree line, but lower than you\u2019d typically see an airplane flying.  It slowly started moving and then quickly changed direction and shot off westbound.  It took off at a very high speed and either its lights went off, or it \u201cvanished,\u201d because I couldn\u2019t locate it in the sky after it changed direction. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Silver cigar dissapears reappears and then dissapears again. I was outside my house. It was a beautiful sunny summer day. I looked up and saw a plane like object and I thought, \"That's cool, that plane is positioned so it looks like it has no wings.\" It was a little bigger than a cesna plane. Then it turned so the sun reflected off it from left to right and I could see that it had no wings or tail for that matter. I could see in the light reflection that it was made of silver metal panels and I could see where one panel ended and the other began. There were four panels on the side facing me. It moved a little bit more and the sun reflected off it again from left to right. For that to happen it had to make a turn that a regular plane cannot do. Then it started to fade in the front portion and it continued to the back untill it dissapeared completely. It was like it \"went behind a cloud\" but there were no clouds, it was a beautifull blue sky. Then it reappeared in the same manner and the dissapeared the same way and never came back."
"Ball of light with no strobe lights being chased by a military type helicopter coming from the east heading towards the west."
"4 UFO's fly over home  bright yellow circles headed south in Bangor, PA, midnight 2016. Midnight 2016 saw from my rear window, bright yellow circle, coming towards my house, my husband and I went out front door and watched as it went south rather quickly.  Went back inside and again saw 3 more bright yellow circles, coming towards the house, back outside and watched as they also went south, not as high as a plane, no flashing lights, exactly 12 midnight 2016...looked on twitter, facebook, no one else reported."
"Silent Soaring Triangle with greyish tips heading West very Ominous. April 17th 2009.  Around 12:47 and 12:48am, I was outside paroling an area in Santa Barbara just South of Highway 101 facing West.   I flinched, thinking that I caught a glimpse of an owl soaring silently through the night.  My eyes caught a visual of a dark triangular object its' three corners were a grayish white, there was no flashing and no other signs of markings, no sounds, no exhaust.  The triangle was acute, I would say it had a 90 degree angle in it.  The unidentified object was at a low altitude, I would estimate 600' - 1200'.  Holding my pointer finger out the object measured 2\".   The object appeared to be soaring at a steady speed compared to an owl.  The object was visible for 5 seconds, heading westward. 20 minutes later I got a hold of a police officer who directed me here. I called the National UFO reporting center in Washington state at about 1:15am on the 17th of April 2009."
"Bright brilliant orange cylinder object about New Market Gap, with light flying from it and coming back to craft. The object was seen from the road near Luray Caverns airport.  It was above a cloud over the New Market Gap.  It was shaped like a tube, it was bright shiny orange as if reflecting the sunset behind it.  A light flew out of it and then came back to the craft.   After about 5 minutes it disappeared. I was alone so I don't know if anybody else saw it.   Many years ago, in the early seventies, at Christmas, my family and I saw very bright lights in the same area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"UFO Sighting September 14, 2011. On September 13, 2011, my twenty-five year old daughter came to visit me from the Bay Area to attend a wedding and the events prior to the wedding.  She arrived around 8:00pm.  Soon after her arrival my boyfriend went to bed, because he has to get up at 4:30 am for work. My daughter and I stayed up chatting away about the latest news.  I fixed her a dinner plate of fried chicken and real mash potatoes with gravy.  As the evening went on my daughter got real tried and wanted to sleep.  I on the other hand, I was wide-awake from the excitement of her visit and not ready to go to bed. On or about 11:30pm my daughter insisted I go to sleep and stop talking.  She had worked a full day at work and the train conductor gave her a bad time on the train about her bike.  Since I live in a one-bedroom apartment and my boyfriend was already asleep in the bedroom and my daughter was trying to sleep on the couch in the living room I went outside on my front patio to wine down a bit. The apartment complex where I live was real quite.  The night air was clean smelling and a bit crisp and refreshing.  I sat outside and my patio table with my little dog and cat. The moon was almost full if not full and there was a bright star near the moon.  Actually the moon and the star were the only two objects I saw in the sky.  I did not see any other stars and admired that night. As I sat at the patio table looking up I saw a bright round light come out from behind the moon and speed down fast toward the bright star in a matter of a few seconds (1 one thousand 2 one thousand and a half).  This bright round light stopped exactly halfway between the moon and the star.  It stayed there for about five minutes. When it shot out from behind the moon to its position it was fast.  I could not believe anything could move so fast.  And when it stayed between the moon and the star for about five minutes I thought whatever it is, is surely trying to look like a star.  I knew it was not a star; because, when I first looked up at the moon and star it was not there and secondly, I saw it move fast from behind the moon to its present position. As I sat there I watched it for about five minutes.  There was no way I was going to take my eyes off of it.  I was amazed.  I knew I was seeing an unexplained phenomenon, and it was amazing, and beyond understand. Still at the same time, I did understand what I was watching and knew there was nothing from earth that could move that fast.  And just as all these thought race threw my thoughts and my eyes fixed on the object it moved fast again toward earth. This time, like the first time it moved real fast toward the earth.  In about two to three seconds it was close to the earth and went behind my building in the sky and I lost it. I just sat there going W0W!  I surely saw something-something.  Who would believe me? Who could I tell?  I didn\u2019t want to wake anyone up, so I went about the evening focusing on my dog and cat that were sitting outside with me.  A few minutes later I decided to look up at the moon and star again, because, despite what I just saw the moon and star were magnificent in themselves. Then from behind my apartment building the bight round light speeded across the sky in a liner fashion. WOW, I thought here we go again.  The bright light speeded across the sky as it had done before and stopped again. This time it was located under the moon closer to earth.  And again it remained there for sometime, about three minutes. And again I thought it was trying to appear like a star.  Just like the first time I knew it was not a star; because it was not there before and I saw it speed across the sky and stop at its present location. My thoughts raced again for the second time.  Again I thought that the bright light was doing a real good job as acting like a star but wasn\u2019t.  Its position in the sky seemed as though it was lining itself up to appear as a triangle. Anyone who just looked up would think it position was natural in nature.  On or about this time, a neighbor exited his father\u2019s apartment across the way real quite, since everyone was sleeping.  It was at this time while the bight light was in stationed at its second location in the sky, that I quietly asked him to look at the sky to see what I see.  He did and pointed.  When I looked back up the light was still there and zipped across the sky in a liner fashion into the night mist beyond my vision. About the time my I asked the neighbor to look up at the sky to see what I see\u2014my daughter complained about me making noise when I promised to be quiet so she could fall asleep.  I felt bad for asking the neighbor to look up at the sky, because, I w! as doing my best to be quiet and to respect her and others who were sleeping. Once the bright light/object in the sky was gone it did not come back.  I waited for sometime and remained quiet while I did so. On or about 12:36am I went into my apartment and changed out of my PJ\u2019s into street clothes and went for a bike ride.  I was more awake than ever and needed to somehow, someway get tired. I road my bike to the Chevron and bought a beer, came home, and sat outside for an hour wishing the bright light in the sky would return.  It never did and soon thereafter I went to bed. The following morning I slept in from being up so late.  When I turned on the local 11:00am news there was a story about a fireball seen the day before.  Since I caught the tell end of the news story I yelled out \u201cI\u2019m not crazy\u201d. My daughter said to me that she heard me ask the neighbor to look up at the sky. When the noon news came on the watched the entire story about the \u201cfireball\u201d seen in Arizona at 7:45pm the day before.  This event is not what I saw!  There are many differences than similarities. First and foremost, the bright light I saw happened between midnight and 12:15/20am.  Second, there was absolutely no orange flame tail!  The bright light round object that I saw moved fast in the sky then stopped for sometime, then moved again, the moved again, then stopped, and then zipped out of sight.  Furthermore, the object I saw pretended to be a star when it stopped. The above account of September 14, 2011, happened without a doubt and I am happy to report it in the hopes that others saw the same. Moreover, about four days before I had a dream about aliens that I think is important to note here.  I have since I could remember always noted my dreams and have done my best to remember them, and talk about them when I wake up. About four day prior to the above event I had a dream about being at a huge library.  I love books. While at this library I had to go to another floor to find a book.  I went into an elevator to get to the other floor and ended up in floor to which I did not have access too.  When I exited the elevator I knew I should not be there and searched for another to get off the floor.  I found a man who was human, yet I knew he was an alien being.  I explained my situation to him and he picked up a rock.  With his eyes he wrote in the stone some crypt language how to get out of there.  It looked like:  ---?----- ------------------? ------------------  Because I didn\u2019t understand his language, the alien/human look alike walked with me back to the elevator and placed the stone in the wall and the elevator took my back to the right floor of the library. What was so awesome about this dream was, when I woke up I remembered it all.   That is not always the case with all my dreams. I have a friend and we chat daily\u2014on that day, like I do most days I told her my dream and went about our day as usual. After my sighting on September 14, 2011, I told my friend that the sighting and the dream are to close for comfort.  I\u2019m not spooked, but am informed, something out there is trying to contact me.  I am fascinated but I don\u2019t like it. In writing down my accounts I hope that there is some explanation now or in the future.  Unexplained knowledge today maybe helpful in the future. I am telling you about the dream of aliens\u2014not to minimize the event on September 14, 2011, but to give you accurate account of recent events, which may or may not be related. 0 Moon      *     Bright Round Light Object      *         Star      _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   0 Moon      *  Star     *  Bright Round Light Object"
"strange man appears in heh woods I went deer hunting upstate where my uncles had a cabin.  It was winter I was heavily dressed for the cold.  I had shot a 3 point buck and drug it up the ravine to get it back to the cabin.  Suddenly, a man in a white short sleeve shirt and black pants appeared from no where and stated, \"I see you got one\".   I stated \"yeh\" wondering where the hell he came from and why he had no coat.  There were no other cabins for miles. I stated, \"I have to drag this buck to the cabin\" and started dragging.  When I turned to look back he was gone.   I have never figured out what that was all about. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"pulsating light across wi river. a light that seemed to oscillate and rise up off the ground expanding but not shining out like a light normally would the light seemed to end as if it were shining against a building or something only it was across the river from august derelth park and there's nothing there but woods the light had a bluish glow to it .it at times would rise up off the ground then expand its sphere shape.a couple of days later we noticed there was a military style helicopter in the same area a day or two after that we saw what looked like a harrier jet in the same area."
"Kawartha Lakes Ontario 6 AM Lost time. I am 74 years old, I have two incidents I want someone to know about, and I know that if I tried to talk to someone about them I wouldn't be taken seriously. The first incident took place in Alberta about ten years ago. I was travelling south east of Drumheller on a not frequently travelled road.  I stopped to take a picture of a seam of coal in an embankment.  There was an odd looking cloud in the sky, kind of triangular shape.  I also noticed there was a craft within the cloud, it was not a typical air craft.  It was rectangular in shape, long, and higher than it was wide, and it was actually producing the substance that was forming the cloud, some of it which was falling to the ground somewhat like soap suds.  That is all I remember, but it did show up in the picture that I took.  This has been bothering me for years. The second incident took place about five years ago in Ontario.  About 6:30 AM I was travelling to visit my daughter in the Listowell area, at trip that I have often made.  I was travelling west on highway 7A, I turned north onto highway 35 for about a mile and then west on Highway 7A again.  I remember going past the Yelverton side road, I always notice that sign just because of the name,  The next place I should have come to was Nestleton, but it didn't happen.  The next thing I remember, I was parked facing south on a side road east of Lindsay, about 30 miles NE of where I last remember being.  It was 8AM.. I am not asking you to do any investigating, I just want you to believe me."
"Saw a red oval light in the sky over my house at 10:52 pm on 10/6/16, it looked like it was going to collid with a plane, in an instant moved diagonally away from the plane with such speed it couldn't be a helicopter then moved up and down and as the plane was passing look like it was going to chase the plane then stopped and hovered for 5 secs and kind of zig zagged away with tremendous speed."
"Fiery yellow-orange ball in cloudy sky Did not see it at the time, was snapping pictures from a moving vehicle.  Only saw it when reviewing my pictures at home.  Picture shows a yellow-orange circle surrounded by a blue hazy ring against dark storm clouds.  Looking closely you can also see a sort of arcing trail to the right of the object. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe the object may be a water droplet on the camera lens.  PD))"
"Flashing beams in the night. I'm scared now. Its was mid night. I was sitting on my couch watching television with my best mate. We were sipping at our coffee when saw flashes of light out the window. We ran outside and saw 3 circle shaped UFO's. They were flashing beams. My friend ran inside to grab a camera when I started to feel a tingling feeling going through my body. I felt sick in the stomach. I felt a deep pain in my nose and blood was gushing out of my nose. My friend came back with a camera and they were gone.  Ever since that encounter I have never felt alone and often wake up in the night with cold sweats. My girlfriend broke up with me because I told her the story and she thought I was crazy. I have 3 dots on my left arm since the encounter. I went to a doctor and they had never seen anything like it before."
"Possible landing zone."
"I looked outside window like I always do at night and then I saw it above the trees and the lights fluttered back and fourth and then I went to computer to report it."
"I live in Northwest New Jersey.   On June 3rd, 2014, around 11:30 at night, my mom and I looked out the window, just out of curiosity to look at the stars and to our amazement we saw a bright orange orb West of us glowing above the tree line.  It was unlike anything we had ever seen before.  It was bright orange and extremely big.   We then proceeded to go outside to watch it.  We looked at it for a good 5-10 minutes and then went inside.   About a half hour later it was absolutely no where to be found.  We kept looking outside to see if we could find it, and it completely disappeared leaving us extremely confused.   We are HUGE believers of ufos and believe that is what we saw that night.   We wanted to report this to you so that more people can be aware of the alien phenomenon going on around the globe. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS/FIRST REPORT VIA E-MAIL)) Hello.  My name is ((name deleted)).  I live in Northwest New Jersey.  On June 3rd, 2014, around 11:30 at night, my mom and I looked out the window just out of curiosity to look at the stars, and to our amazement we saw a bright orange orb West of us, glowing above the tree line.  It was unlike anything we had ever seen before.  It was bright orange and extremely big.  We then proceeded to go outside to watch it.  We looked at it for a good 5-10 minutes and then went inside.   About a half hour later it was absolutely no where to be found.   We kept looking outside to see if we could find it, and it completely disappeared leaving us extremely confused.   We are HUGE believers of ufos and believe that is what we saw that night.   We wanted to report this to you so that more people can be aware of the alien phenomenon going on around the globe. Thank you for your time!  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Black Rectangle Probably about 8 or 9 years ago, several of my family members and I were on our way to a store driving on Highway 94 in Saint Charles County, MO, when one of us noticed a strange object in the sky.  The object was flat black, rectangular in shape (a very slightly elongated square), and flying very high (approx. 30,000 ft = with cruising altitude.). To give an idea of its size, in order to block it out, you would need to hold a dime in front of your eye at arm's length. It was too difficult to judge the object's speed as there were few other reference points at that altitude.  There was a pair of binoculars in the car, and when I focused in on the object I could only faintly make out two silver-ish objects that appeared to be the profiles of fighter jets flying a short distance ahead of the object at its upper and lower left corners. However, because of the height and angle at which they appeared it was difficult to make them out clearly.  Upon reaching the store, we all stood on the parking lot for awhile looking up at it; several other people had also taken notice, before moving on. I remember hearing one mother explain to her son that the object was a stealth bomber. My dad was in the Air Force, I have my MS in Space Studies, and I am very familiar with most aircrafts including the stealth bomber. This most definitely was nothing of the sort, and I have never come across any other craft similar to what I saw that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of sighting is approximate.  Provides only e-address.  PD))"
"Orb / Sphere seen over football Stadium Location: Sulphur, LA  Date fall of 1997 or 1998  Specific Location: Matt Walker Stadium (Sulphur High School) Specific  Date: Homecoming night   I, along with my ex-wife and two friends from my same street were seated on the home team side of the stadium app. half way up facing east.  During the Halftime Home coming events on the field I witnessed a 2 foot diameter orb traveling horizontally from north to south over the field.  The object was not like the 2 dimensional translucent orbs seen in most pictures after development.  This object was a solid 3d Sphere, not a light.  Its color was a bluish green.  It was traveling between 80 and 100 mph. The entire sighting lasted a little over 2 seconds. It traveled over the eastern hatch marks on the field and was slightly lower than the Field Lights. Nearly ever person was focused on the Homecoming court down on the field. Upon seeing the orb I immediately notified my friends. Two of the three were able to see the orb before it rapidly faded out of site. The object had very sharp defining edges no blurs or fuzziness, the inside seemed to be made of plasma, it was not extremely bright and flew in a perfectly strait and flat trajectory. The most interesting part of the story came later. The next day upon seeing my neighbor in his yard I related the events of the previous night. To my shock he had a story of his own. He told me on the night in question at app. 1:30am He and his wife was up late watching TV, when all of a sudden he had an urge to get up and walk outside. He claims he had not heard or seen anything to make him go out. As he proceeded outside his wife also followed suit. They were both drawn to look westward towards my house.  An oak tree stood just south of the southwest corner of my house. Upon first looking toward the southwest corner of my house they saw nothing, then a small solid orb about 1-1/2 to 2 feet in diameter came floating out from either my bedroom wall or behind the west wall of my house.  The orb floated up into the oak tree maneuvering around the large branches.  After a few seconds the orb floated clear of the tree then stopped perfectly still app. 35 feet off the ground as if to let them get a good look at it. Then all at once it flew upward and away in a southwest direction at a very high rate of speed until it could no longer be seen. I asked the wife if she had got up to follow the husband outside, and she said No, she had been drawn by a mysterious urge of go outside also. These are professional college educated people. The only discrepancy between their two stories was the color of the orb. He said it was bluish, she said it was greenish. I saw it as blue green. The orb made no sound and left no visible trail. There is nothing openly known in the industrial or military complex that can fly with no open ports or wings that we currently know of. The orb is particularly similar to the orb recorded on NASA TV  STS Mission 37. Only the color is different. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Object was stationary for 5 min, looked like a bright orange planet, object then started to move quickly to the east, the way it moved looked wobbly, then quickly flys away, solid colored object without any navigation lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Strange lights near Gila Bend, AZ. 07 October 2006 On October 6, 2009 18 miles west of Gila Bend, AZ on I-8 looking south we saw strange lights, 2 and 3 at a time, they appeared to burn out then relight but were not dropping or moving like flares. Seemed to be almost stationary .the lights would go out and relight miles to the east or west. A few times we saw strings of five or more way off in the distance. This went on for about an hour around 20:00 pst. Was wondering if maybe border patrol has some kind of illumination suspended by balloon?  These lights did not to appear to come from the ground, rather they just appeared.  Sometimes they seemed to dim before disappearing, other times they just blinked out instantly.  The re-appearance was always sudden with no trails leading up to them, and always in the same area. There was no discernable sound from these lights,  At one point, two fighter jets appeared in the area.  These jets were accompanied by sound and were obviously moving.  Upon the appearance of the jets, the mysterious lights disappeared.  They did not reappear until the jets had left the area at which time the lights reappeared  in the same area.  There were times when only one light was visible and another light seemed to project out of the initial light.  We did take pictures but they are not good."
"Witnessed a bright orange or red light at around 3:51AM.  I was walking east on Washington and noticed a bright light above the homes and treeline facing almost north east.  The light appeared to be a light flare but the duration was too long and steady to be one.  The event lasted about 10 seconds.  No sound or pulsating lights occurred.  Never seen such an object in the skies before.  I was able to record the phenomenon and it can be clearly seen on video.  I was able to catch the object disappear on video as well.  The object never moved, it stood steady and bright and just went out like a lamp in the sky."
"Fixed bright multicolored light in the NW sky after sunset, looked like a very bright star but seemed too brilliant for the usual star. On 9/27/2015, at about twilight, my neighbor, who was watching the eclipse, said that we had a UFO and pointed to a bright light fixed in the northwestern sky.  The light was very brilliant (for a star) and emitted blue and red colors, very much like a \u201cDiamond in the sky.\u201d   He said that it\u2019s not on any star charts.   I got out my telescope to see it.  I located it about 20-30 degrees above the horizon in the northwest and watched it for about an hour.  It seemed to set (move) just as any planet or star would as I had to keep adjusting my telescope.  It was very brilliant and looked like a colorful fire but I could not discern a shape, just twinkling blue and red colors predominantly.  I looked again on 9/28 but did not see it, possibly due to a thin cloud layer.  I saw it again tonight, but due to scattered clouds, I did not stay out to observe it longer."
"Very clearly watched and photographed an object drop down from the sky. It was a clear day as we watched a silver metalic object drop straight down from around 30,000 feet. I could tell becuase there were jet contrails near the object. We took two pictures, one is very clear. We watched the object fro almost 2 minutes."
"Iwas coming home when i saw a blue light in the sky i tried to follow it but it was really fast so I went home I was coming home from Hansom court at 9:00 when I looked up in the sky and saw a blue light flickering.  Thier was only one they sat their the shape was unknown the light only blue.  They just sat there for 6 seconds and then took of   It was to low to be a plane and it was super fast.   I tried to follow it but it was going at least 100 miles fast   I couldnt catch it so I just went home. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we believe.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"BRIGHT ORB LIKE SPHERE WAS SEEN DESCENDING FROM HIGH ABOVE AND THEN SUDDENLY STOPPED. THE UFO THEN SEEMED TO ZIG ZAG BACK AND FORTH BEFORE PULSATING RAPIDLY AND THEN DISAPPEARING. THE SPHERE WAS BRIGHT LIKE A STAR AND DIDNT MAKE NE SOUND AND WAS FAIRLY LOW IN ALTITUDE... LOWER THAN A PLANE WOULD FLY...AFTER THE UFO PULSATED AND VANISHED A BLACK AND VERY ODDLY ENOUGH SILENT HELICOPTER WAS SEEN PATROLLING THE AREA NO MORE THAN 20 SECONDS AFTER THE SIGHTING..... THE WHOLE INCIDENT WAS NO LONGER THAN A MINUTE AND A HALF ON 4/11/2010 AT APPROXIMATELY 2AM IN THE MORNING....WE WERE STANDING IN SOUTH RIALTO SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY INLAND EMPIRE CALIFORNIA PLEASE POST THIS SIGHTING IM CURIOUS TO SEE HOW MANY OTHER PEOPLE SAW WHAT WE SAW"
"Multiple UFO's flying over Baltimore Inner Harbor We went out onto our rooftop deck which overlooks downtown Baltimore and the Inner Harbor.  In the distance, over the harbor, we saw multiple bright wight spots that were moving about quickly and erratically through the sky.  There was no pattern to the movements and the objects were moving too quickly and erratically to be regular aircraft.  We were also able to rule out some type of light show as there were no beams and no events scheduled in the Harbor."
"amber in color  Very bright at times Spark like objects falling from the object  Moved smoothly and slowly Initial sighting object apeared to be e very bright amber color With binolculars it seemd to be multicolored Object was seen to the left of Jupiter but lower and more south   Moved west after comming east towared the house   At one time it was about 1 mile from out House    Both my daughter and I saw this as well as spark like particles comming off the object just after that it got very dim and lower to the horizon   It was no traveling very fast seemed very slowing going west"
"Orb shaped light, steady orange/yellow color, 250+- ft. high, steady speed hoz-hoz, UFO to witnesses. My son, my daughter, and I were watching a public fireworks display on the 3rd of July,  (2010 of course) at apx. 9:PM, on Eddycreek Bay, in Lyon County, Kentucky, when we observed a ball of light passing overhead. The light was not connected to the fireworks show in any way.  The distance between the show and the orb was at least \u00bd mile when we spotted it.  (Judged buy the distance across the bay.)   After the first light passed into the tree line, completely opposite direction of the show, another orb of light came from the horizon behind the fireworks.  It also passed in the opposite direction of the display. Then on July 6th, at apx. 11:PM, my daughter and I saw the same type of light while sitting on our porch; apx. 5-7 miles from the area of the fireworks show on the 3rd. All three orbs were deep yellow to orange in color.  Their luminosity was steady, no pulsation, no fireball or comet-tail appearance. They passed at about the speed of an ultralite, from one horizon to the other. I\u2019m judging their height above the ground to be roughly the altitude a search plane might fly.  They definitely did not fly as high as a  passenger plane. None of us could hear a sound coming from it. All three orbs appeared to be about the size of a pea, held at arms length.  So what size that might be, relative to their apparent distance, someone with a degree in the sciences will have to calculate; I am not well educated in that area."
"2 fireball type objects\u2026 One appeared cruised through the sky and then a second one appeared at cruised through the sky slightly hoveri December 29, 2017 at approximately 11 PM I had just  returned from my office in Tulsa to my home in broken arrow   While unloading my SUV I looked up in the air and I saw what at first I thought was a low cruising airplane - then I realized it was on fire so it couldn't be an airplane it was making no noise it was just cruising across the night sky.  I wouldn't say it was floating, I would call it cruising\u2026  But it did seem to pause for a while over my driveway area\u2026 Was a bit intimidating and I got behind my SUV to observe it. I pulled out my camera and took a couple of pictures as it headed south and finally disappeared.  I turned back to the north horizon and there was another object identical to the first-  coming up over the house tops across the street.  It acted in very much the same manner\u2026 A fireball making no noise -- it's seem to have a propulsion to it\u2026 Really like it was cruising. It also headed south and finally disappeared."
"Bright Light in sky sped away at incredible speed. Driving on the highway my on dark but clear night, I saw a huge bright light in the sky. It stood out among the rest of the other objects in the sky like small stars and aircraft with their blinking lights. This bright light was hovering still. I pointed it out to my husband.   He looked at it.  I said, \"What is that?\"   And at that moment it sped off super fast going sideways and it disappeared.   We both looked at each other in disbelief.  We've never seen anything like that ever.  The speed was incredible and it was so bright and disappearing as it sped away was insane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information.  PD))"
"We were in hot tub looking into sky and at 2 different times about 15 minutes apart they went by in sky no noise and moving side to side"
"In the far corner of the sky looking out on to Brentwood Rd.  I\u2019m Newington.  There was a bright flash that was a dull green and flashed once, then waited about 45 seconds before flashing a second time.   There was another slightly shorter pause and then a double flash.  It lit up half the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Craft with flashing white, red and blue lights hovering low over town making no noise. Craft with white, red and blue lights hovering over the small town while flashing lights.  Moved slightly, very low to the ground.  Lots of people in town at the time because there was a home football game going on.  I stopped on the side of the road, a car passed around me, and I couldn't see it after that. Seen by my daughter and myself. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw a green star sized object flashing green at a very high altitude.  About 30 sec. later, it started moving fast in different directions.  It changed to yellow momentarilly, then moved instantly to the other side of the sky.  It stopped for a few seconds, then disappeared."
"15 reddish/orange orbs launching from the horizon line and traveling slowly before fading away. I went out to my front porch, which faces in a northeast direction.  Not being very good with direction, I can just say as I was facing the sky, the full moon was just starting to be visible among the tree tops, to the left.  I saw four pulsating orbs (reddish-orange in color) -- for lack of a better word -- in a rectangular formation, quite spread out.   They were moving very slowly from right to left and faded away as they got to the point where the moon was just becoming visible (about 6:05 p.m.)  As I continued watching, one-by-one orbs were \"launching\" from the same point at the horizon line and traveling, again, from right to left.   At this point, none of them were in a formation, but just kind of slowly traveled until they faded away.  I would guess there were about 15 of them.  Luckily, I was able to get my neighbor to come out and she observed the same thing (with the exception of the first rectangular formation).  I would guess the whole episode lasted appr! oximately 5-10 minutes. I am a 54-yr-old woman with a steady job, very educated and intelligent.  My neighbor is a woman in her 60's -- also intelligent."
"Object above trees rotating changing colors from red, green and white.Lights shooting out of object. suddenly disappeared."
"Single bright light. Got brighter. Disappeared Bright light floating slowly down, shot down quickly got brighter then disappeared. Looking west."
"Planet-size sighting in Tokyo, Japan I awoke at 1:05 a.m. on Thursday, May 15th. in Tokyo, Japan.  I immediately noticed a large planet-sized object directly behind the flight line, appearing to the West.  I live on an air force base, right in front of the runway on the 8th floor.  My apartment has large windows in each room that face the runway and the mountains beyond it.   I viewed the object for about 20 minutes.  By 1:25 a.m., it had faded out of sight.  I used a Runton Trail Buster compass to determine its Western location.  The object resembled the moon, but it was about two and one-half times larger than the moon.  It had the luminescence of the moon and did not move about quickly or erratically.  It hovered  behind the flight line, changing from a dull beige glow to a reddish glow, almost like the glow you would see during an eclipse, when the moon passes in front of another planet.  There were large markings on the face of this large planet-size object.  Although I could make these markings out through binoculars, the definition of the picture was unclear when I zoomed in with my Panasonic DMZ LZ3 camera.  However, I took several pictures of it \u2013 several still photos and one moving picture, using the flight line lights and a red tower light as a frame of reference. I steadied my arm on the window sill to keep the object from moving; however, it was difficult to keep my arm completely still.  I had to break away from my line of vision with the object to write out a diagram of the large markings I saw on the face of this planet.  I could only see these markings through the binoculars.  DESCRIPTION OF THE FACE OF THE PLANET:  The markings looked like the outline of a scroll-like antennae on either side of a head with an arched body.  Two lines projected out from both sides of the body, ending in two circles (like hands).  At the bottom of this body, a small projecting line ended in another very large circle (like feet).  When I kept going back to view the object with my binoculars, I noticed the picture on its face had now tilted, and the patina of the object took on a reddish glow.  The tilt:   The scroll-like head changed from a 12:00 position to a 9:00 position while the large circled (feet) changed from 6:00 position to 4:00 position.  When I went back to my paper to continue filling out the drawing, and then returned to the window, the object was no longer there.  I did not actually see it vanish or blink out.  I only noticed that the last time I went back to view it with the binoculars, the patina had appeared to change color, its face had shifted position to a tilt, and it wasn\u2019t glowing as brightly.  Regarding the actual shape of the object, it was almost like looking at three-fourths of the moon.  It wasn\u2019t a complete circle.  It was as if the northwest portion of the circle had been blotted out by the darkness.  The edges delineating the object were fuzzy looking, where it melded into the surrounding darkness.  I have seen this object twice before.  The first time I saw it, it was at 11:00 p.m., in a more northwesterly direction.  It was more prominent then.  It also glowed a little brighter and appeared to be a little larger than it was tonight.  Then it appeared to be three times the size of the moon instead of two and a half times the size of the moon and much lower in the sky.  I viewed it for about 15 minutes.  At that time, it had actually sunk down behind the mountain range, northwest of the base.  However, I thought it might be some kind of lunar eclipse until I noticed the moon\u2019s position the following night and how different it looked from what I had seen.  The second time I saw the planet-size object, it was at 4:30 a.m.  It was located in the same location, northwest, directly over the mountain range.   It slowly sank behind the same mountain range it had sunk behind before, during the previous 11:00 to 11:30 p.m. sighting.  This time I woke my husband up (who completely denies the existence of UFO\u2019s).  He thought it was the moon, but the moon appears higher up in the sky in a more southerly direction and glows differently than this object glowed.  Due to the consistency of the location of these sightings, I believe there may be some sort of alien base within the mountain range to the northwest of the flight line."
"Lights in localized semi-rural area, beams emitted, possible sound, possible contact, video tape Multiple witnesses saw lights in the sky that were hovering in a localized area for several minutes. Witnesses had seen these on several earlier occasions and witnessed this event for an hour or more.  One witness made a short video tape showing some images and dialog with another witness. On the video witnesses describe what they are seeing.  The witnesses are not able to describe the incident now. Video should be analyzed by professionals. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Wife and I have seen roughly diamond shaped objects with multiple lights seemingly white, yellow, and blue in the sky that stayed mostly still over a few hours."
"four glowing discs in quadrilateral order right over my head moving from over Nuns Island in directon downtown. At height and speed like eagles..  I was sure that were very big birds, but wasnt able to see their wings. After almost a minute, when they were over town, they started to move VERY fast, come together.. and golost due to city lights. It happened 20 minutes after Canada Day fireworks started near downtown, and 10 minutes before end of fireworks. I am a taxi driver, (used to work as surgeon in ukraine)."
"I was driving west on I-40 after dropping off my daughter at UNC Chapel Hill.  It was 9:31PM and the sky was clear and the weather calm.  Traffic was sparse between Winston-Salem and Hickory.  I saw an exit sign for Bermuda Run a little later so it was in this area.  I was looking straight ahead thru the clean windshield, about a mile out, tracking tail lights far ahead.  I was staring right at it when it appeared; a strong lime green glowing light.  It was triangular, like a flattened isosceles triangle, at about a 30 degree pitch.   It had gradations of color so that the innermost edges were whiter.  The outermost edges were a more intense lime green and emitted a long starburst glare effect at the 3 corners and shorter spikes at the side of the triangle.  The object or light held a perfectly fixed position, then suddenly swooped down and left at about a 30 degree path in a perfectly straight line.  Then it stopped and vanished well before reaching the horizon.   The whole event took less than 2 seconds but I was in the perfect position to witness it.  My ((deleted--twenties)) year old son was in the front passenger seat and also saw it.  He was on a break from ((deleted--graduate)) school.  He was reaching forward and tuning the radio and gasped, \u201cWhat was that!\u201d  But since he wasn\u2019t already focused at the distance, like I was, I don\u2019t think he saw it as clearly.  To him, the light was more roundish and he didn\u2019t see it as triangular.  But he didn\u2019t have his glasses on and his vision is only 20/30, so that made sense to me. \tI\u2019ve never witnessed anything that I believed was a UFO or ever made a report before.  But as soon as I saw this, I knew immediately it was unexplainable, and I had just witnessed something I never thought I\u2019d see for myself.   I\u2019m ((50's plus)) y/o retired Air Force ((rank deleted)) living in NC for the past ((deleted--10+)) years."
"Three Loud Trumpet-like Blasts from the Sky Somewhere between I would say 1900-1910 hours this evening (June 13, 2019), my husband and I were sitting outside in our little popup camper, enjoying the cooler air and listening for bird sounds.  The just out of the sky, we hear this enormously loud trumpet blast, three times! (He said it sounded more like a trombone because of its timbre.)   On my piano, I found the notes were within a four-key (such as C,E,E and F - a major key signature) and were slurred (no break in-between the four-note phrase).  Each blast lasted about a second.  So loud!  We both agreed we had never heard anything like this and have no idea what could've been its source except to say that it came from the sky!  We discussed all of the options we could think of and came up with nothing that we're aware of that could emit these blasts. We are both retired Federal employees.  I am a former Public Affairs Officer for the USFS. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Actually, we are located east of Reardon and west of Spokane (just west of the ATV park just west of the Spokane River) in a coulee.  I don't think I was very accurate in my description of where we were because I was still stirred up over that noise!  If you travel Highway 2 east of Reardon, Coulee Hite Road is a left hand turn off Highway 2.  We were sitting in our little pop up camper which we have set up on our ranch property right now; it's so nice to enjoy our coffee there because it's cool (in the morning and evening) with the breezes.  I will ask our neighbors if they have heard any noises. We heard another one last night, but just a single loud blast; however, it was different from the three blasts we heard the other evening.  In fact, my husband and I are still talking about it, racking our brains for trying to remember anything similar that we've heard but so far, no luck!  ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Saw a triangle shaped object traverse sky on very clear night I am reporting this event for the first time, as I have not really considered researching any online articles or sites relating to this matter until now.  I am a professional who works in the medical field radiologic imagery (not X-ray).  This incident occurred when I was 14 years old. It may seem strange to describe the exact circumstances of my observation, but you have to see this through the eyes of a teenager.  I had a cassette player which was the type that your regular portable unit which was about the size of an elongated cigar box.  My parent's house was about 5 blocks from the ocean.  At night, the next door neighbor would come over and she would sit at the dinner table with my mom and talk for hours.  So, to play my music and get away from my surroundings, I would take refuge by easily ascending to the rooftop by clmbing a palm tree via the ac unit. One evening after dusk, 9pm, I was listening to music, not to loud on the rooftop, when suddenly, the tape stopped playing.  At first, I thought the batteries died, but I could see the rollers were still moving.  I fiddled with the volume wheel, but it was not that either.  Perplexed, I sat there for a minute thinkin that the tape was bad or my player was going bad.  I honestly do not remember why I looked up, but I did.  Then I just leaned back and stretched my arms behind my head.  I noticed something odd, but I could not figure out what I was seeing.  Something to the east and to the North was moving. I saw a dark triangular object that looked to me at the time like a black hang glider up in the clear star lit sky traveling from North to South at a speed of maybe 300 mph or more.  It was dead quiet and it was definitely up there.  No lights but it was so clear out, that I could see its shape.  Now, Ironically later in life, it seemed to me to look more like an F-117 stealth in its overall shape, but this was in 1983.  Whatever it was, it profoundly etched itself in my memory.  About 30 seconds after traversing the peripheral of my view,  the tape player started playing music again. It was playing the song as if it had missed the part where the track was silent.  Before this incident, and after, I never had any problems with the tape or the machine, until I got rid of the player a few years later. I do not claim to have seen a UFO or a secret military craft.  But what I saw defied any satisfactory explanation to this day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Fighter Jets Chase UFO's over City of Boston Friday April 20,2012 ___  1.That at around 4:30pm to 8:00pm that around 8 Disc Aspirin Shape UFO Type Objects were in Sky. The out of nowhere a Fleet of 25 Military Type Crafts were in chase of Objects.  2.  There were around 10 Military Fighter Jets in chase of Disc's from City Boston to out in the Atlantic Ocean. 3.  These Crafts caused Safety Hazards by getting within 75 Feet to 125Feet of Skyscraper Buildings. 4./5.  These Crafts were all Flying at Massive Speeds  beyond  anything known. 5a. There needs to be a full investigation by multiple Agency's as soon as possible."
"it was v shaped /  white blue lights going accross i was sure that it wasnt a stealth bomber it slowed down then sped up i took my hunting binoculars and there were no wind sheilds didnt make a sound it flew away pretty fast"
"Long strand of equally spaced red lights that disappear to the center, then come out again. Long strand of red lights equally spaced across the horizon. If I could estimate the length of the object(s) I would say about a half of a mile long. At first, there were about 30 red lights equally spaced, and then the lights would disappear, meeting at the center with only about 4 red lights remaining. This occurred about 3 times pretty fast. My friend got his phone out to take a picture, but by then, the lights went down to four, one more time, and then disappeared to the southeast. The direction we were facing was east. Reminder: this was spotted in Maryland but the location of the object could have easily been in West Virginia. This was very large and unexplainable. I explained it the best I can, but I just wanted to let everyone know."
"Light almost like a plane flying quickly above the clouds from left to right higher and higher until it could not be seen any longer"
"High and fast flying craft over LA, CA doing formations and STOPPING.  If Military, why maneuveurs over LA? Clear, light blue skies, well lit still by sun, half-full moon in the sky over Hollywood / Los Angeles area.  My brother and I were sitting outside enjoying the evening.  Told him to check out the star and moon (which were right next to each other, the star was JUST outside the crescent, as if cradled) and he said \"that can't be a star, it must be a planet, it's so light out.\"  Then it started moving, we said, \"Oh, it's a plane\".  But then when it came to a complete halt, we said, \"um.  ok.  do helicopters fly that high?\".  Then we noticed another one going perpindicular, which seemed to appear out of nowhere (our eyes were PRETTY focused on the clear section of sky in our view).  Then we called our friends over who were setting up a tent in the backyard and we all watched for a while.  We then saw three more of them appear and fly in a standard V formation and then re-form at LIGHTNING speed (very very high up) into a few other odd formations and then dissapear.  These thing came into and out of view in a split second.  My friend checked them out with his binocolurs and said it appeared \"round\" with lights front and back.  Ok, i know, sounds like classic b.s.    Well, if they're planes, what in the flying hell are they doing such incredible stunts right over central Los Angeles for?    I tried to reach the FAA and Homeland Security at LAX and got an answering machine!  Lovely!  I spoke with someone (in the flurry of numbers i called) at a local airforce command station who said they had no flying going on in the area at the moment and ref'd me here!  Nice one guys.  Gathering enemy threat in the skies? Cool, ref it over to UFOCentral! Jesus.  Not putting this site down, it's just that i'd expect a little more from their response, let alone the FAA and Homeland Security.  After around 25 minutes more they were all gone.  They did not fly off north or south or east or west, they just vanished. I took pics but no luck, took video and got some of it - you can check it out here, but if i get too many downloads, i'll have to cut it.  I hope that someone will archive it and post it elsewhere if it's of use.  When you watch the clip, at 4 seconds into it you'll see a white dot in the top left quarter of the screen (you'll see the unfocused power lines running diagonally, follow the wires to find the white dot).  You'll see it, over the span of one second of film, it moves to the left across the power lines farther left and upwards.  (I'm not saying the craft moved that fast, it was my camera motion that moved quickly).  Anyway, admittadly, the film proves nada, only that we thought we were seeing some very very wacky stuff that none of us (4 of us in our thirties and 2 children) can explain.  Here's the link:  http://66.241.229.187/what_the.avi  This is the south western sky, all took place in the vicinity of where the moon was in the sky, seen from Santa Monica and Vine St area."
"3 bright white amber lights forming a perfect triangle and moving into an arch without a vapor trail. Sunday night, Oct. 13, 2013, myself and my business partner were driving south on I-29 about 30 miles South of Council Bluffs, Iowa.   I was in the passenger seat.  At approximately 6:58 pm, to my right in the western sky at about 40 degrees off the horizon, I noticed 3 very bright white/amber colored lights in a perfect triangle in the sky. My initial thought was it is too early to see planets or stars, what is that.  I continued to look at this perfect triangle in the sky for about 30 seconds.  As I looked back to the Northwest clearly saw a commercial aircraft with the vapor trail. The aircraft with the vapor trail was not as bright or the same color as the 3 lights forming the Triangle. I looked back at the lights forming the Triangle and the bottom right light began to move down and to my right creating a triangle with the right side being longer, there was no sign of movement or vapor trail. At that time I said to my business partner who was driving, \u201cWhat is that\u201d?  She leaned over and looked out my window and one of us said, \u201cWe need to film this.\u201d   During this time and our conversation the lights have moved into a straight vertical line, again with no vapor trail.  As we were searching for a place to pull over, I began filming on my IPhone 5S while we were driving and the lights moved into a wide arch over the horizon.   Around mile marker 37 on I29 South we saw rest stop ahead pulled over it took a moment to get the lights to appear in frame on my phone screen.  However there is commentary on the video as to what we were seeing until I do finally get them in frame. The 5 minute video, the link is below.  Because I was facing the sun the lights don\u2019t appear as bright as they were.    However you can see two of the lights during most of the video, and you can see the third briefly.    At the end you can also see the air craft with the vapor trail that appeared to be heading toward the lights.  As the aircraft to the left (or South of the lights) enters the top left of the video the lights disappear.  (This is at the end of the video).   The video is 378mb.  I uploaded the video as Unlisted to my YouTube account.  Here is the link:  http://youtu.be/e1dlCXcvb88  The lights come into frame well around 1:36.  We had been listening to a Comedy Channel on Sirius Radio so there is some colorful commentary in the beginning of the video.   During the video we are discussing what we are seeing."
"Red glowing object and Triangle -north east maryland \tAt approximately 21:00 I received a phone call from an associate about a first hand encounter of a craft hovering above his vehicle in Bel Air, Maryland. This was before the sighting I am reporting myself.  He described the shape to be triangular but smoothed around the edges like a guitar pick and having 5 or 6 blue lights. It made no noise at all and just hovered about his vehicle then disappeared. Around 21:15, I spotted a figure in the sky, three lights in a row, a diagonal line. The line faded in and out twice and then completely disappeared. Ten minutes later, the object came around again but this time actually had more shape to it, its aura cigar like in shape. It first appeared as a small red dot-like shape in the sky then got increasingly bigger. It glowed red and looked as if it was spinning. I could kind of make out the shape of the central point, which was like an oval ring or halo. I started freaking out and telling someone about it and as soon as I started to it kind of just faded away, shifting into the sky to the left of me. Another in the same area, its position to the south, spotted this object, which is the general direction of the town of Bel Air where my associate spotted the object directly above him. The colors described were different so I decided to count them as two different sightings.  I would rather submit little personal info as possible though I have included my email for further contact."
"Bright object in the sky changing shapes before taking off at a vary high speed. (Like 0 4,000mph in .090 seconds) It was little before dark and the sky was blue and pink with some clouds in the distance, Air plains were flying   all over. Suddenly A bright small light caught my attention, and when I looked up I seen a little dot glowing. It changed into a tear drop shape then it just took off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"10 UFOs over Santa Rosa, California (six in a big dipper formation, four in a half circle) I had trouble falling asleep on Saturday, October 24, 2009, and so around 11:30 pm, I just started looking up at the stars outside my bedroom window like I do occasionally whenever I can\u2019t sleep. This night was different however, because I immediately noticed bright lights in the sky in an arrangement similar to the big dipper. My window faces east, so I was looking that direction. This link video footage of exactly what I saw, with a few minor differences:  http://www.disclose.tv/action/viewvideo/7790/UFO_RUSSIA__SUMMER_2008_NEWS_BIG_DIPPER_FORMATION/   Like the formation in the video, the formation I saw had only two objects forming the handle, except the formation I saw had the handle tilted diagonally upward. Also, the formation I saw was staying pretty much stationary, with the exception of one of the objects (the lower object in the dipper handle which was sort of swaying back and forth, not in a dramatic way but ever so slightly, and it was this that caught my eye) and the only other difference is that the formation in the video seems to be more tightly packed in, and the formation I saw was a bit more spread out. All the objects I saw were dimming in and out, and the object that was swaying would occasionally flash a dark red. A lot of things I witnessed are similar to the video like the altitude, the brightness and coloration, size, and of course, the formation itself. Off to the right of the dipper formation, were four objects in no particular order or formation that slowly moved together to form a crescent shape or half circle. During this time, the dipper formation stayed in place, dimming in and out. Eventually, the object at the bottom of the crescent began to flash wildly, first in it\u2019s \u201cnatural\u201d color, then in dark red and blue. It struck me as sort of like a morse code, or signal of some kind, and I assume it was \u201ccommunicating\u201d to the dipper formation, at which point I got spooked and went downstairs to make coffee as this was all a bit too much for me to handle. I\u2019ve always been a skeptic about UFOs and this has pretty much shaken up my whole world view. I can no longer deny that UFOs exist. In the video link I provided, it appears that formation is regrouping into separate formations, ! and I can only assume that is the activity that I was witnessing, but I didn\u2019t stay to witness the whole incident because I was pretty shaken, so I can\u2019t say what eventually happened. When I worked up the courage to come back up to my bedroom and have a look out the window about a half hour later, both the dipper formation and half circle formation had gone, nowhere to be found."
"Saw a black saucer like object fly out of the Woodland Hills, CA area south of Ventura Boulevard. I\u2019m not sure what year this happened.  I was surprised by the event and have not reported it until now.  Not sure if this will be helpful at all, but here goes.  I know it was after the year 2003 and before the year 2008.  I was in the parking lot of the shopping mall at Ventura Blvd. and Topanga Canyon.  I was in my car in front of the then PetSmart.  My car was oriented towards the south so I was looking at the hills just south of Ventura Blvd. around Mulholland.  I saw what seemed to be a small black saucer shaped object rise up out of the neighborhood south of Ventura Blvd.  I couldn\u2019t believe my eyes as I watched this object rise quickly into the sky.  I wanted to grab my cell phone and take a picture, but I didn\u2019t want to take my eyes off the object for fear of losing it.  It was a bright blue skied afternoon with a few white fluffy clouds.  I watched intently and looked around a bit to see if anyone else was noticing and saw no one, just a parking a lot with cars.  I kept my eye on the object trying to figure out if it was a balloon or what.  It did not look like a balloon.  It quickly rose and then I could see it way up and glistening against a cloud.  The western sun must have caught it and it was shining now, not black.  That is it.  I have never even told any friends about this.  I don\u2019t know what I saw, but it was surely strange and seemed to be what I have heard others describe. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"an octangular object was flying above highway 59. I was driving south on Hwy 59 when my son told me there was something in the sky. I first thought it was the moon.  But i then looked closer and i thought to myself the moon doesn't have an octangular bottom.  The moon was on the opposite side of the object my son and i were looking at. The octangular shape had a really bright white bottom light.  The object then was moving slowly then quicly changed directions. Then dissapeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Black Triangle Craft Spotted Dear Gentlemen,  About 5 years ago on a very cold moonless winter morning at approximately 3:00 a.m. my car pool buddy and I were on the way to work at a \u201cremote location\u201d. We were on Mercury Blvd. on the East side of the EAFB dry lake bed. Think Space Shuttle landing strip runway that runs West to East in front of the notorious \u201cSouth Base\u201d Birk Flight Test Center.  We noticed a very large black triangle shaped craft coming off the runway and slowly gaining altitude.  We pulled over in time to have it come directly over our heads.  It appeared to be quite \u201cthick\u201d almost as though it were a balloon with somewhat puffy panels on its sides.  Underneath were very bright lights that reminded me of recessed counter top lighting.  Once it passed us it gained altitude VERY RAPIDLY and it blended in with stars above and was no longer visible.  It was way cool indeed.  We were speechless for a bit and felt very lucky to have seen it. Our thoughts were that the lights somehow adjusted to the star patterns above and also adjusted for altitude for viewing angles.  It was completely silent.  Obviously we assumed this was a re-con craft because we watched it carefully and lost it not to be found again.  We are talking seconds here.  It was definitely not an alien craft.  After asking around Northrup came up more than once.  Who knows?  Due to my clearance level, please no contact and if you delete this immediately it would be appreciated. Thank You ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"We were stunned to believe what we saw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was a clear and breezy night around 8:30pm when my daughters and I saw somthing weird in the sky when I brought it to my daughters attention. We were on our way to drop one of my daughter's off at grandmas house.  Whatever it was in the sky, the craft was like going crazy and zigzagging in the air as we were driving slowly trying not to loose it. We saw bright lights in the sky so we went to drop her off and on the way home to our apartment we saw it again but this time it kinda disappear what we thought it did so as I was coming into the complex I just turned over to the left thru some bushes there it was something hovering over these large trees and I told my daughter do you see that. She said yes it was round on the bottom of it was like a dome with a bright light and a circle of lights on the bottom of that. It was grayish-black and we still had the car running and all I could think of to get the camera inside the house.We were surprise and stunned. So we left to get the camera but if was gone. On Oct.19, 2006 we saw another sighting but this time around the same time again but it was above us. This craft was going slow throughout the air there was no sound but the craft was flying slowly and made a kinda of a u turn towards us I was yelling to my daughter to call her brother outside but I stood there looking in the air and the craft was coming towards and we got to see the structure of the craft underneath it.It was triangluar with 3 lights on the corners of it. It look huge above us we were also stunned couldnt believe we were seeing this underneath it.Then all of a sudden it turn around and disappear."
"I personally, was driving home from a boyfriend's house while on the phone with him and noticed the sky light up bright blue for just a few seconds then went away. It was only in one direction and one place, it wasn't the whole sky like when lighting strikes. My boyfriend, while on the phone with me said, \"((deleted))\", at the same time I did. He was looking out his bedroom window and saw a horizonal cigar shaped blue object appear and disappear within seconds. He said by the looks of it, it seemed to be about a few miles away, which would be adjectent to where I was driving. Also, upon sharing the story with other friends they too said that they saw the sky light up blue while driving about 12 miles from where I was driving at the time of the sighting. They also said the sky lit up bright blue and then went away. Another friend living about 35 miles from where I was driving saw the sky light up too.  He also said it lasted only seconds and was just a part of the sky not the whole thing. These sightings all happened at the same exact time during the night, at about 12:30 a.m. on Saturday Febuary 14th, 2009. We all were in agreement that it did not look like northern lights nor did it look like lighting of any kind that we had ever seen."
"Strange orange and white lights or obs over the beach My mom, dad, brother, and I were all sitting on the balcony of our condo last night after dinner when we saw a diamond shaped formation of lights just over the ocean, not a quater of a mile from us..  They were all 4 orange and did not stay lit for more than 4-5 seconds.   After the initial orange lights faded we witnessed white flickering lights that moved across the sky on the coast from north to south.  They did not have a consistent flicker (on/off) nor did they stay in the same formation very long.   The 3-4 orange orbs were either within the formation of the smaller flickering lights or just outside of the main formation.  This lasted about 20 minutes in total and then just stopped.   Some stopped to the south and then we saw 4-5 other lights back to the north about 15 minutes later."
"Mother and daughter witness disc-shaped craft, at time of multiple sightings in Michigan. TO: Center for UFO Studies (Chicago, Ill.),  Dr. Mark Rodeghier, Scientific Director, markrod@xsite.net   National UFO Reporting Center,   Peter Davenport, Director.  director@ufocenter.com   Mutual UFO Network, Clifford Clift, International Director, cclift@mufon.com    Dear Sirs,  I recently wrote to Dr. Richard Haines, Chief Scientist for the National Aviation Reporting Center on Anomalous Phenomena (NARCAP),  and he asked me to contact all of you with my story. After reading Leslie Kean's, \"UFOs, On the Record,\"  the information therein convinced me to take steps toward sharing the details of an up close (within thirty feet), approximately ten minute, daytime sighting of a UFO my mother and I experienced.   We didn't report it at the time.    Unfortunately, my mother has since passed away, so I am the only one left to depart this information.  Her death and my age prompts me to speak now before the story is lost.  The sighting was years ago, but the details of the astounding craft, its show of interest in us, and the entire experience have remained clear. Please read my story and see what you think.  Something of  this nature is quite difficult to share, for fear of how it will be received, but I hope you will find it credible and interesting.  I would appreciate hearing what you think after reading this account, and if you have any questions I'd be happy to try to answer them. Sincerely ((name deleted)) Shelby Township, Michigan   In 1966, I was 19 years old and lived in Gibraltar, Michigan, with my family.  I don't recall the date, but at that time there had been a flurry of UFO sightings being reported in our area .  There was much discussion and speculation on the local radio stations concerning the reported sightings, and the topic was being handled with a mixture of curiosity and derision.   Later, I think \"swamp gas\" may have been given as an official explanation of the many sightings, but by then my mother and I knew there was more to the story than that. One morning, in the midst of the time period of the frequent sightings, we had our own UFO experience. Around 11:00 A.M. my mother and I left the house to go shopping.  She was driving the car.  It was a bright, sunny day with a clear sky.  We were driving northwest on North Gibraltar Rd., heading toward nearby Trenton.   That road had, until recently, run straight out of Gibraltar to join West Jefferson Rd. near the Gibraltar McClouth Steel plant, but had been rerouted so that there was a left bend in the road and it now joined West Jefferson somewhat south of the steel plant. I mention this because, as we were approaching the new bend in the road, I could see straight ahead to where the road (still intact but blocked off) had once joined West Jefferson near McClouth Steel.  Over the smoke stack of the steel plant, there was a large shining disk-shaped craft, just hovering in the air low over the stack. I pointed it out to my mother and said \"Hurry and get up there so we can see what it is.\"   There had been a lot of press given to pollution from factories in those days and ! my first  thought was that someone was testing the exhaust from the smoke stack.  The nature of the unusual disc shaped object, however, caused me to quickly reject that simple explanation. The change in the road forced us to turn left instead of approaching the steel plant directly,  so I kept my eyes on the disk as my mother quickly angled toward West Jefferson Rd..  We reached West Jefferson, turned right onto it (now traveling northeast),  and began approaching the section of road in front of  McClouth Steel.  By this time, we had slowed way down in order to continue to observe the disc.  There were no other cars on the road at that time, or throughout the duration of the sighting. As we slowed down and approached the factory, the disc began to move slowly and silently  toward the road, so that our paths would converge right in front of the steel plant.  This was a four lane highway, and the aircraft stopped and hovered, centered over our lane as though waiting for us to approach.  We did, very slowly.  The size of the disc was such that, centered over the far right lane where we were, it extended over the other three lanes on one side, and out over the shoulder and ditch on the other.. About this time, even as it was happening, I became aware of a remarkable feeling that came over me.  I suddenly felt extremely comfortable and relaxed- completely unafraid and unthreatened, even though what I was seeing did not fit at all with my concept of reality and would logically have had the opposite effect.  It was the calmest, most clear headed, yet overwhelmingly curious I had ever been.  So much so that I can still recall that strange, very positive mix of emotions that were so contrary to the data my senses were taking in.  I've never experienced anything like it since.   At this time,  I began to calmly describe aloud everything I was seeing, to confirm with my mother that she was seeing the same things.  It is this deliberate, and methodical process that we went through during the sighting that, I believe,  has helped me to remember so clearly after all these years, the details we observed that day. The disc was shiny metallic in color.  It seemed to be made of an unpainted metal that was bright in the sunlight, but not highly polished.  It had come to a stop and was hovering about twenty five to thirty feet above the road.  It was a perfectly round disc shape, and the bottom surface was slightly rounded (convex), almost flat.  The top half was convex also, but the center portion of the top half was more raised and dome like, so that there was an elevated, angled surface on which there were large windows.   We could see just one side of the craft at that time, but the windows disappeared around the curved surface as though they went all the way around it.  The windows were rectangular in shape, wider than they were tall, and had rounded corners.  We counted four of them.  I described all these details to my mother aloud as I observed them, and she concurred. Due to the shape of the upper portion of the craft, the windows were angled farther away from us at the top than at the bottom.  I said to my mother, \"Try to look inside.  There has to be someone in there looking out at us.  They're probably looking at us just like we're trying to look at them.\"   We both tried, but something about the glass, or possibly the angle of the windows, kept us from seeing beyond them. The aircraft was close enough that, if it had been a house with vertical windows of regular glass, we could have easily seen inside. My mother was afraid to stop the car and, even though I kept saying, \"Stop,\" because I wanted  to prolong the sighting,  she insisted on allowing the car to continue to creep forward, though barely.  We continued to try to see beyond the glass, and to look for details to confirm with each other, until we gradually began to overtake the object, but as we did it moved very slowly off center of our lane and more over the right shoulder of the road and the field beside it.  At this time, I started describing what I was seeing on the bottom surface, because our angle of observation had changed. I told my mother, \"Look and see if you can see any markings, numbers or letters.\" - as you'd expect to see on an airplane, helicopter, or other commercial or military aircraft.  We both looked closely, but couldn't see anything like that.  I did note, and verbalized,  that the bottom surface had \"seams\" in it.  It was not a smooth surface like one piece of metal but, instead, was made up of many different pieces joined together in a fashion I could not make any sense of.  I stated that possibly the seams marked compartments that would open, and we tried to tell if there was an entrance door, or compartment for landing gear.  We talked of that possibility, but there was no way to know if that was the case. I also looked for evidence of how the different sections were fastened together- large nuts and bolts, screws, giant rivets, etc., - anything that I'd recognize as typical construction methods for other large metal objects that I was familiar with. There was no obvious \"joining\" system for the separate metallic sections that made up the bottom surface of the disc. As we continued to roll slightly forward, the disc had moved off to the right a little but it was still ahead of us, so we were looking out the windshield and a little off to the right at it.  Then, without making a sound,  the craft moved a very little, slowly, paused, and then shot off at a great speed, rising into the sky at a very shallow angle and disappearing in about 3 seconds.  We noticed that, even though it departed extremely fast,  the tops of the trees near where it had hovered were hardly disturbed.  It seemed as though the sighting lasted for about fifteen minutes, with about ten of that being spent face to face with the disc at close range.  However, we didn't check the time so I can't be sure how long we watched the aircraft.  After it left, my mother accelerated the car to a normal driving speed and we continued to our shopping destination.  Of course, we discussed what we'd seen and wondered if we should report it, but it's amazing to me now that we were so unshaken by the event as to continue on shopping as though nothing had happened.  When we got home we told my dad about it and he laughed at us and said, \"Oh, you girls just saw a helicopter.\"   We explained to him that it was too close to make that kind of mistake, but he was intent on not taking it seriously and discouraging us from making a report that would draw ridicule.  Considering the public derision then being aimed at the reporters of strange lights in our area,  my mother and I became convinced that the authorities and general public would not have believed the up close and detailed experience we'd had.  Over the years since that day, I have been very happy to have had this rare experience,  to know for a fact that U.F.O.s do exist, and to know clearly what at least one kind looks like.  I'm still in awe of  the overwhelming sense of clear minded alertness, coupled with unnatural calm and a sense of safety that suddenly came over me in its presence.  Below, you will see a picture I drew of the U.F.O. we saw.  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *   Thank you for reading my account of this event.  I hope that, in some way, it might shed some light on this important subject.  Again, I'd appreciate your comments, and will try to answer any questions you may have. Sincerely ((name deleted)) Shelby Township, Michigan"
"White orbs and flashing lights in Millsboro, DE. We saw these white lights that looked like lightning and we realized that they weren't lightning because they were white orbs that were moving around.  They were extremely bright, then for about two minutes they disappeared.  They came back, but when they did they appeared as circular and it looked like the size of three horizontal school busses with two blinking lights; one light was blue, the other light was green.  The blinking started slow, but gradually got faster.  It looked like it took the form of a cloud or it was the shape behind the cloud, but we couldn't tell.  I was shocked when I saw this because I have always had an interest in UFO's, but never thought they were actually real until that very night.  I would like to know if anyone has seen the same thing on May 25 around 21:00 (9:00pm)"
"A white large round object followed by bright Green then bright Blue light moving fast across the sky over Durango Colorado My sighting was on 7-8-2019 at around 10:00 PM on a clear night over United Campground in Durango Colorado,  My wife saw this with me, moving from East toward West was a round large glowing object.  It had no defined outer perimeter and was  as large as if you held a dime coin about 15 foot from you..  It moved across the sky in about 15 seconds at what appeared to be  maybe 10,000 ft altitude and there was no sound. Shortly after that an airplane was following it but was not as fast. Then to our amazement a very bright green steady light came across the sky on the same path but faster,  That was not the final sighting,  Then a bright Blue light came across the sky on the same course. None of these lights had any blinking marker lights except for the chasing airplane,  We watch the sky most nights looking at satellites etc,  None of this was normal. I am a retired manufacturing Engineer with past connections to NASA.  My wife is a working Professional Event Planner.  We were on vacation from Austin, Texas."
"Star gazing and saw what appeared to be a very large, bright star, that appeared out of nowhere in the eastern sky.  The star like light then slowly moved north at a very slow steady pace for about 30-45 seconds, until it disappeared as randomly as it appeared.  There were no flashing lights, it moved a bit faster than airplanes and seemed to be higher up in the sky than planes go."
"Stealthy object in night storm  clouds The evening of 20 Oct. at approximately  20:10 (0010Z) there were possible storms moving into my area. Lightening was reported to the West North West over Delaware, Ohio.  I observed  cloud reflected lightening in that direction, as well as to the South.  Cloud deck was reported as 3,000 to 6,000 feet at 97%.   While feeding horses and looking to the West, I observed at about 280 degrees azimuth and 25 degrees altitude,  a small dull red spot,  which appeared unmoving.  It grew somewhat brighter for about 3 seconds, but still remained dull red, the color that  heated steel  just becoming red might appear. At this time, it began moving  very rapidly across the shy towards the East South East,  heading approximately 100 degrees. It disappeared  at approximately 170 degrees azimuth and 85 degrees altitude, the whole episode lasting about 7 seconds from first seeing it until loosing sight of it. There was no sound associated with it\u2019s passing. When this object (yes, I am going to call it an object) was almost overhead,  I had the impression  it had a rounded  shape, possibly  oval or u- shaped, and that the dull red portion was the leading part of some airframe, glowing from air resistance heating. It\u2019s body was totally black with no lights, appearing against the clouds as an empty spot with a dull red part. My  analysis of this event is that when I first observed it, the unchanging bearing means it was coming essentially directly at me. As it got to a lower altitude, it\u2019s linear motion became apparent, and the fact that it traversed  70 degrees of sky in 4 seconds means to me that it was  below 5,000 feet altitude and hence subsonic, disappearing into a cloud bank.. That fits with the cloud deck height. No sound means it was gliding or silently propelled. The whole thing had the feeling of a re-entry event. Re-entry into a thunder storm seems a good way to cover the sonic booms, and thick clouds providing visual cover. So, either  someone has a really advanced  stealth aircraft, or we are not alone."
"Flying Lights Changing DIrections over Fancher Heights, East Wenatchee, WA 98802.  Lights change from bright white light to red fireball 4 of us were outside watching the lightning and then we looked over to East Wenatchee Fancher Heights area and saw 3 floating lights moving back and forth above the houses/cars.  The \"craft\" would turn off their lights and appear in other areas, sometimes changing from a white light to a single red fireball. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"changing colored object seen by  manyhovering over suburban neighborhood my son and nephew were playing catch with a football when they came running in to myself and my wife that there was something flying in the sky changing colors.   We went outside to see and looked up to the south and seen these weird lights that were moving in circular motion in the sky.  The lights were changing colors from blue and red to all green and then purple, to nothing, but you could still see that it was like a black dot moving, it looked like it was moving far away like miles and coming back close.   It then moved behind the tree line so that we couldnt see it,   At that point we had realized some neighbors from across the street had been standing there watching it also."
"Disappered at a 90 degree angle Was outside shooting hoops and saw a bright sphere slowly creep downwards and shoot off at a 90 degree angle.  Ran around building to see it it went on the other side, but it was gone.  Right after that happened, all the power went off in the town for a while. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Green fireball in the night sky - traveling East to West - Harris County north of Columbus GA HWY 85 While traveling North on Highway 85 out of columbus georgia tonight me and my friend / coworker spotted a light above the clouds that traveled below the clouds.  Looked like a green fireball coming out of the sky.  Happend so fast.  You could see stars in the sky and the clouds were breaking up.  I have seen red fireballs in the past (2 actually) but never a green one.  There was allot of traffic at the time and was probably witnessed by many peopl.  The fireball started in teh Eastern Sky and Traveled West like heading to Alabama direction."
"Flickering lights in a V formation with one trailing far behind disappearing into the sky."
"MADAR Node 99."
"abducted by circular ufo while camping  I was camping in the Abbotsford outskirts area very late one night, and I was having issues sleeping because of my back, I was sitting outside by the campfire, when all of the sudden I felt an odd rumbling sensation in my abdomen.  Compelled by this strange feeling, I picked up my flashlight and looked around the local area. I found nothing, and I decided to go and sit down again. I sat there for the next 20 minutes,with a growing feeling of uncertainty and discontent washing over me. That's when it happened. The air around me grew very warm, a high pitched sound reached my ears.  Unsure of what was happening, I stood up.  A bright light, with a red tint to it surrounded me.  I felt myself loosing consciousness, and I fell to the ground. I drifted in and out of consciousness, each time I awoke, I remember seeing a bright light and blurry silhouettes all around me. The most apparent thing to me was that the figures were very short, no taller than a meter or so, and the table I was lying on was very close to the ground. I remember that occasionally the abductors would speak to each other, always in a high-pitched, rushed sort of way. Many hours later, I woke up. I was outside. I stood up, and I felt dizzy. Stumbling, I looked around the small clearing I was in. I finally found my tent, after walking around for nearly 15 minutes. I wasn't exactly sure of what happened. I packed up my tent, and other camping gear as fast as I could. I drove back to my house and went to bed. My dreams were disturbed with strange dreams of symbols I'd never seen before, as well as that same strange high-pitched noise I heard the previous night. Since then, I had a psychological evaluation done, and it came out completely fine. I am thoroughly convinced that I have come into contact with extra-terrestrials of some kind. Before that incident, I was like many people, a skeptic. I write this now as a believer, one who has experienced abduction, and has to live with it's horrible repercussions for the rest of my life."
"My name is ((deleted))  Around 6:00pm ET my step brother told me he seen a UFO I didn't believe him at first so I ignored him for the first 2 to 3 minutes then eventually I came out onto the third floor front porch.  I saw a ball of light just sitting in mid-air about a thousand feet. As soon as I said what the heck was that it turned a bit towards me and got very bright within the next 5 to 10 seconds it flew straight up at lightning speed.  It flew up so fast it almost looked like it was stretching then disappeared.  This took place in Lynn, Massachusetts year 2012 or 2013. PHONE NUMBER IS 781-XXX-XXXX."
"cylinder  shaped flying steady like a hawk on top of my dad's house. I was walking towards our driveway with my kids and I thought I was seeing a hawk flying around on top of my dad\u2019s house.  There was even a squirrel that\u2019s making creepy noises on top of an apple tree in front of our house, but what caught my sight was this white, silverish flying on top of my dad\u2019s house. I wasn\u2019t sure how high it was but it was low and visible enough for me and my daughter to see that it had no wings or tail like an airplane.  I was sure it was not an airplane because another airplane was coming by the opposite side heading towards O\u2019Hare airport.  This unidentified flying object was flying on steady speed but without an engine airplane noise that we used to hear every time an airplane would pass by.  This is the third time I\u2019ve seen an unidentified flying object this month and it\u2019s starting to scare me even my daughter as well"
"a life situation loke no other As i observed the sky i saw a tiny object become larger and larger as it entered the earths atmosphere, amazing to me the white colored sphere speed deceleratered, slowing down at an rate that was controlled, the sphere stopped, and paused for about five seconds, best to my recollection, and it traversed in turn at a approx 45 degree turn, however it the speed of acceleration at an angle like that was once in a lifetime vision, the ufo's.  excelleration momention was at first enoormous momentum, however, the speed excellerated exponentially from the northern sky to the southern sky in about two seconds.   I stood up and yelled out, \"What ((deleted)) was that\"!  The object flew at an arch and not a straight line no meteor nothing like ive ever seen in my whole life no doubt, another life form"
"I looked off to the South and noticed a bunch of Lights coming from down low from the South heading to the east and they were making no noise no green or blue lights blinking it kept coming so I went inside and got my girlfriend and she came out and did the video on it never made no noise or anything was really strange."
"Object with row of 6 or 7 lights, moving in sky with non-linear changes of speed and direction. I looked up into the sky and saw an object moving around, appearing as a row of 6 or 7 lights across what I would say was the front of it.  This appeared to be one object \u2013 not 6 or 7 objects.  I got the impression it could have been round, but could only see it as a row or line of lights.   The lights were usually white, sometimes there would be a red light or two that would appear, and then vanish.  At times it appeared the lights were rotating, but there was no consistent pattern.   The moon was bright in the sky and even though there was a very thin layer of haze from clouds, for the most part the sky appeared clear.  It was possible to see the stars through the haze. Size of the object was difficult to estimate.  The \u201cfront\u201d of the object appeared to be similar to what the length of a typical commercial passenger jet would be at that same position in the sky. What caught my attention the most was the way the object was moving \u2013 up, down, side to side, back and forth, fast, slow, doing \u201cturns on a dime\u201d, and having such sudden acceleration to \u201chop\u201d around the sky while it was changing its direction.   Sometimes it was moving fast, other times slower.  No conventional aircraft \u2013 plane (jet or not), blimp, or helicopter \u2013 could have done these maneuvers, especially at speed.  It displayed varying rates of speed, which were not linear, and it did not matter whether it was climbing, turning, etc.  There was no correlation of direction of movement to change of speed.   It certainly wasn\u2019t a balloon, either.  The area of the sky in which it appeared is just west of the usual flight path of jets, yet there were no aircraft in the area that I could see until right before it disappeared. I have lived near military bases and airports and have never seen aircraft do these types of maneuvers.  I did attempt to video the object but there was too much ambient light for it to show up."
"20 plus amber colored objects in formation over Orrington It began around 10:15 pm when our cat started asking to go out.  I finally gave in and let him out onto the deck where he started to growl as he looked up toward the sky.  I did not see anything at first and then I noticed several objects in the sky come from the southeast then turn almost due north.  Each object was amber in color and made up of 3 circles.  There were 4 of these objects in formation and they were silent.  I called to my wife to take a look and she saw them as well.  I\u2019m a pilot and thought at first that it might be some military exercise as we are near the Bangor airport.  But what struck me as strange was that these objects had no navigation lights, were totally silent, and kept coming in groups of 4.  It was difficult to estimate the altitude or speed but I would say that they were possibly less 1,000 feet AGL.  They moved at a constant speed, not fast or slow.  We observed 20-24 of these objects and they all followed the same path from the southeast turning northerly.  A few minutes after the last group passed, our cat calmed down and came in and slept quietly the rest of the night.  It\u2019s almost as though he sensed something unusual.  Unfortunately, we did not think to take any photos."
"V shaped craft with 5-6 dim lights cruising silently over Lakewood, CO in a southwest direction. 8pm. I was in my yard looking up while taking the dog out and quickly spotted a satellite, then a plane, then my eye caught the movement of a dark v shaped craft with 5-6 dim, barely visible lights outlining it, going southwest silently across the sky.  I would guess the craft was about as high as the helicopters that routinely cruise around the city, and within 5-10 seconds, it was past the treeline."
"Several sightings in Atoka, TN. Appeared as 8 golden spheres that flew in triangular formation and then merged into one sphere and disappeared."
"trianglular crafts in a triangle formation over wapakoneta, ohio the triangular objects flew around in a triangle pattern and began to zig zag back and forth. they began to spin around before beginning to speed away in a flash of light. they were very noisy, sounding somewhat like a frieght train. seconds prior to the sighting an airplane flew over followed in the same path by the crafts."
"two strage aircraft possibly millitary seen over mayer at around 9 pm we first started seeing the object we thought it was a sattalite then it stoped and went in a totally different direction, we then knew that it was not a sattalite. as we watched the object it continued its strange flight pattern then i noticed another one. it was now about 10pm we watched and began thinking that it could be millatary then a third one appeared forming a triangle"
"to the west very bright diamond shape that moved very slowly multicolored visible for about half hour then faded away!"
"I was looking out the south window at 12;04AM.  When I seen 3 craft flying low and slow, in a perfect triangle.  Than went to the front of the house and they starting going higher into the sky and 1 at a time disappeared."
"Green/teal flashing lights seen from Interstate 5.   My wife, son and myself were driving to church at approximately 6:45 p.m and on I-5 south driving through Fife, WA.  My son who is 3 says, \"Daddy, they turned the lights on.\"  I asked what lights, then I looked out to my left and saw a beautiful light green/teal light completely blanket the clouds and sky (It was cloudy and rainy day).  This flash of light lasted for about 3 seconds and happened 3 times from what I saw.   What made it even more amazing is at church, 8 of my friends said they saw the same thing driving to service all from different parts of Pierce County.  Some in Puyallup, some in Spanaway and some in Graham.  Never before seen anything like it in my 33 years, simply amazing.  I'm sure there are more people who saw this as the area was huge."
"the object moving erratically lasting for approximately 10 seconds near airport  I work in the aviation business in Louisville, KY. On February 7, 2009, I was on ramp #1 of SDF airport watching the sunrise from my vehicle. It was around 7:40 in the morning. As the sun rose above the horizon, it quickly ascended into the blanket of clouds reaching beyond me. I proceeded to drive away, then I remembered I needed to go pick up some paperwork. I immediately turned back around and drove past where I was parked. After I drove for quarter of mile I was facing the security entrance which faces the southeast. As I was driving, I something caught my eye just above the security entrance below the blanket of clouds. I said to myself \"I have never seen a cloud that round before\". The round object stayed there for five to ten seconds and then it went up into the blanket of clouds. I saw a shadow of the object moving erratically lasting for approximately 10 seconds. The shadow then disappeared.  The conditions of the day were mostly cloudy. The ceiling was 3100 feet, winds were 18 mph from the Southwest and wind gust 26 mph. Temperature was 54 degrees and visibility of 10 miles."
"3 orange orbs over Brooklyn, NY At 12:10am on June 30th, 2014, in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, NY, my wife and I went out on our patio for a cigarette.  I went out before her, lit my smoke and from the top of the stairs to our patio, my wife asked asked, \u201cWhat are those?  They aren\u2019t planes.\u201d  I looked up to where she was pointing to the SSW.  There were two orangish orbs that were flickering slightly. The first thought I had was that they were Chinese Lanterns.  However, the hair on the back of my neck stood up as I realized that they were moving towards us and, far too fast to be any sort of lantern or balloon.  The objects appeared to be at 2,000 - 3,000 feet in altitude, moving at 200-300 miles per hour.  The two objects traveled silently and in apparent formation, perhaps 2,500 feet apart.  They traveled at a constant rate and did not change bearing. As the objects approached, not quite overhead, but maybe offset by about 15-degrees from directly overhead, I noticed that the glowing, flickering orange nearly disappeared and I was able to observe the underside of the objects, which appeared round in shape with a dark center and a ring of somewhat dim, fuzzy light around it.  The two objects disappeared behind our building.  I considering running through the front of the apartment to see if I could observe the objects on the other side of the building.  My wife ran inside to grab her camera.  She returned just as a third orb appeared and followed a similar vector to the other two objects. Again, as the third object passed nearly overhead, I observed the same structure as the first two objects.  My wife was able to get one very nondescript, streaked image with her camera but honestly, it doesn\u2019t look like much. The entire incident lasted perhaps 30-40 seconds.  After the three objects had passed, my wife and I were somewhat shaken and tried to make any sense of what we had just seen.   They clearly were not any sort of aircraft or drone that I have seen (and I consider myself an aircraft aficionado along with being a drone and R/C aircraft pilot).  The other thought I had were that perhaps they were some sort of debris entering the atmosphere and burning up, but that would not account for what appeared to be a level flight path. About a minute or so after this, a commercial aircraft crossed the flight path of the objects at a perpendicular angle, heading east.  I have no idea if the pilot of that airliner, likely landing at JFK, was able to see what had just occurred, but I suppose we have no way of knowing.  We checked the internet for any other reports of this incident and found nothing, which is astonishing considering it occurred over New York City.  However, we found Nuforc and filed this report in hopes of anyone else coming out and reporting this."
"RECEIVED 911 CALL FROM SUBJECT REPORTING UNKNOWN OBJECT IN THE SKY NORTH OF THE BELMONT AREA, BEING SEEN FROM THE CALLER'S ADDRESS AT XXXX IRISH SETTLEMENT RD IN THE TOWN OF WARD.  AFTER RECEIVING SAID CALL, I WENT OUTSIDE TO VERIFY IF THE OBJECT COULD BE SEEN FROM MY LOCATION.  DUE NORTH OF MY LOCATION THERE IS AN OBJECT IN THE SKY THAT WAS APPEARING TO FLASH CLEAR, GREEN AND RED LIGHTS.   I THEN TURN AND LOOKED SOUTH SOUTH EAST OF MY LOCATION AN OBSERVED SIMILAR LOOKING OBJECT IN THE SKY FLASHING THE SAME COLORS. ORIGINAL CALLER CALLED BACK NUMERIOUS TIME AND REPORTED THAT THE OBJECT WAS NOT MOVING AND HE WAS LOOKING AT IT THRU A TELESCOPE AND THE OBJECT APPEARED TO BE LARGER THAT A PLANE. CONTACT WAS MADE WITH BUFFALO AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TO VERIFY IF THERE WAS ANY AIR TRAFFIC IN THE AREA. THEY ADVISED THAT THERE WAS NO AIR TRAFFIC IN THE AREA AND DIRECTED US TO CONTACT THE NATIONAL UFO CENTER.  AFTER SPEAKING THE NATIONAL UFO CENTER THEY REQUESTED THAT WE SUBMI! TT A REPORT AND WE ALSO MADE CONTACT WITH ORIGINAL CALLER AND HE WAS GOING TO CONTACT THE NATIONAL UFO CENTER DIRECTLY."
"single teardrop shape with flat bottom seen in mid-morning commute I am re-sending an event that my daughter sent in, but it must have been screened out sue to your thinking it was a hoax from a child. she is 20 years old and this is a real report.  i am re-sending it because it aids weight to other teardrop shaped craft seen in this area.  Unfortunately I cannot remember the exact date.  The craft was seen heading north from over Highway 50 as she was heading to work in Pueblo.  She has always been a sceptic until this sighting."
"Orange fireball falling from sky in the north. I was outside looking at the sky, as it was the first clear night that we had in over a week.  I walked to the front yard and was facing north and saw a huge orange fireball coming down and then disappeared behind the small hill to the north.  I have seen many shooting stars in the sky but they always were shooting high in the sky.  This seemed very big and different. I stayed out for about 15 minutes more and never saw anything else.  The whole event lasted 2 to 3 seconds."
"15 small white orbs drifting high in formation west Over SF, CA City Hall 9-20-08 Against a blight blue sky, my wife and I saw a relatively static but drifting formation of 15 roundish white orbs that stayed relatively the same distance from each other while the entire formation moved slowly to the west.   These object were more visible with polarized glasses but not so with the naked eye. We had no binoculars to assist. We took one digital picture (Canon 10 MP camera) which caught it but only shows rounded orbs at extreme magnification. This was over the SF City Hall. These did not look like planes or circling birds. The formation was not a regularly spaced formation. These objects were higher than clouds which drifted beneath them."
"i seen a ufo with circling lghts above hotel i was sitting watching tv my sister came running in and told me that they are real i got up ran to the door and seen it in the sky i seen a big saucer shaped object with a single red light on top lights circling the bottom i ran trying to see it past a palm tree and it was gone"
"Orange light dropped very fast over Gloucestershire UK Driving back from Stroud to Dursley in my car, my six year old son pointed out what we first thought was a police helicopter hovering somewhere over the river Severn. At first I thought it was odd - as it wasn't the typical white / blue colour lamp that they use, more of a orangy red. I pulled the car over so we could watch for a bit. It continued to hover and slightly move towards the direction of Stroud. Suddenly it dropped directly downward, very very fast\u00a0and unfortunately disappeared behind the hill. There was no gradual acceleration down- It just dropped down very quickly. I don't know if\u00a0it was a helicopter or plane... if so, the wreckage will be between Cam and Berkley. I have not seen the orange light since it disappeared."
"Cerritos/Artesia 1980 silent black disc with firey rim observed at dusk I was riding in the backseat of a friend\u2019s vehicle (2 in front, 3 in the rear) traveling north on Pioneer Blvd, specifically to go to McDonald\u2019s. We turned west onto the small street on the south side of the McDonald\u2019s. I recall, very vividly, the object was  a matte black disc with small orange \u2018flames\u2019 around its edge, coming from the west, from say Lakewood or Long Beach (one would expect to see the Lakewood Sheriff station\u2019s helicopter on a similar path) with silence. It was around late dusk and I recall remembering the event later and the fact that we seemed to have returned to my friend\u2019s home minus any McDonald's food, no need to discuss the object, and hearing about John Lennon\u2019s murder that evening , which helped me date the event. I make no abduction claims at all, just the sighting, but feel a distinct loss of time from the moment the object was passing over and being back in the TV den at my friend\u2019s house. The street and parking lot, hence the restaurant, was busy when the sighting occurred."
"Red light/dot moving over Ursa Major, 7 seconds, far distance, big size on 03JL07, Mainz/Germany SIGHTING ON 03 JULY 2007, between 2 and 3 am  Location: Mainz/Germany 49\u00b057\u201944.42\u201dN / 8\u00b014\u201906.45\u201dE viewed from a 6-storey building into the NORTHERN skies (NNW), head/shoulder section of URSA MAJOR (if I\u2019m not mistaken)  Intense DARK (pinkish) RED light/dot (for exact colour see the RED dot of \u201cNORTH CELESTIAL POLE\u201d on this map: www.cfa.harvard.edu/press/skyreport/images/Sky_N_2007-07-15.jpg    )  with possibly a geometric figure (slight \u201cshadow\u201d) around it which I could not clearly discern due to some slightly foggy/transparent clouds interfering; the light passed in a direction from \u201c9\u201d to \u201c2\u201d (by the hour) on/before and over the \u201cclockface\u201d when using URSA MAJOR as clockface reference. Its path went from left to right across the URSA MAJOR head/shoulder area, slightly rising (\u201c9\u201d to \u201c2\u201d by the hour)toward the right. Duration of clear observation approx. 7 seconds, then it disappeared behind much denser clouds. Very large dimensions of the light and the assumed related \u201cobject\u201d at very great distance(unable to qualify further). Speed as observed: Clearly faster than typical for a commercial airliner seen \u201cfrom closer\u201d, i.e., at approx. 8 km distance and approx. 1.5 km (5,000 ft) above ground level (near Frankfurt airport). No blinking, no other lights, no aircraft around. Seen with regular binoculars 7 x 40 B."
"fireball i never seen anything like this before So we pulled up to my house and I get out of my brothers car his wife gets out too as well as 3 kids 1, 4 and a 6 years old.  My brother stayed in the car. as soon as we got out there was this fireball hovering over us it seem like it was 25 ft above us as we looked at it and started to point and talk about it and try to get my brother out the car it started to drift away pretty fast.  Within seconds it was a distance away and the fire went out the UFO went to black and started to slowly drift down like it was landing.  The trees got in the way and that was all we seen.  My brother got out the car so late that he didn\u2019t see much of it so he thinks it was some government crap just to mess with our head.  I believe it\u2019s a UFO I been begin for the day to see one and I finally did.  Now I want to see more of them.  I just wish I had a camera when I seen this."
"Flashing Lights and Spacecraft landed The incident I am going to tell you about occurred  in 1973.  I was living in Brockton Massachusetts and I had an only child--ten years old at the time..and  I was living in an apartment complex in a small one bedroom apartment.  It was somewhere between 10 and 11 at night and I was watching television in my livingroom ..and this room had a picture window in it so that if I looked out of my window I would be able to see the lawn behind my building and also see a back shed for storage\u2026This shed had lights on it so that the yard was lit up. Well this particular evening I was watching television and sitting on my couch...my son was in his bedroom, when all of a sudden the television turned off.  Just went black.and at the same time, the lights in my apartment went out\u2026I saw flashing lights  .alot of flashing goin on and I heard like a buzzing loud noise\u2026didn\u2019t understand what was going on so I arose from the couch to take a look.  What I saw\u2026all I can say is\u2026I was stupefied\u2026\u2026I  called to my son to come quickly to take a look\u2026and as we stood in the window\u2026we actually saw a spacecraft\u2026.or whatever it was\u2026flying saucer? Land in our backyard.  It was perhaps 15 ft wide  and round and had some sort of dome on the top whereas it opened and  six or seven people\u2026.when I say people  I don\u2019t know what they were but they looked like human bodies\u2026.there were 6 or seven of them that climbed out of this spacecraft and they all appeared to be wearing spacesuits with helmets on.  They were all working..by that I mean they were doing some kind of job\u2026sort of like unloading something and lifting things and handing them to each other. I couldn\u2019t tell what they were doing with this stuff or what it was that had them all working together..seemed a little frantic\u2026like they were in a hurry\u2026from what I can remember\u2026  While my son and I were watching this..I remember thinking\u2026I wonder if I could walk down the back stairway and open the back door so I could get a better look but was so afraid at that point that maybe I would be putting myself or my son in harms way that\u2026.I don\u2019t know  cant remember anything about the rest of that night\u2026and never spoke with anyone about what I saw for fear of being ostracized\u2026.It has been after all of these years\u2026I am now 64 years old\u2026and starting to remember more\u2026of which is very disturbing to me\u2026in no uncertain terms  I awoke this morning\u2026and oddly remembered something about that night\u2026that is most disturbing to me.  I do remember that at some point while I must have gone back to the couch\u2026not sure about sequence\u2026so much is all mixed up in my mind\u2026but I now remember that my television came back on but it was not your regular television. I was the aliens that were on my television screen\u2026.and now that I remember what they showed me. I am mortified about the whole thing\u2026. They showed me the destruction of the world\u2026huge storms\u2026.devestation\u2026showed me wars going on all over the world\u2026showed me explosions\u2026people being devastated by storms and fires and water and it was so horrific seeing all that on my television that night that I think somehow it was too much information  for my brain\u2026I either got shut down somehow by them or they did something to my memory\u2026..What I find odd is that I am only now starting to remember..and naturally\u2026it is extremely unsettling and I wish with all my heart that I could talk with someone who knows and believes about these things happening..because when I try to talk about it\u2026people thing you are crazy\u2026they don\u2019t believe me and I find that most disturbing.  I am a normal woman\u2026.I know I am not crazy\u2026this has been such a burden to me in my life\u2026never understanding what and why I saw this\u2026\u2026I realize this is old information\u2026very old\u2026but I guess I need to talk with someone and found this site because of the internet\u2026.. Sincerely ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"A green circular shape about the size of an airplane sped off in the distance after about 4 seconds of watching it. Driving north, we noticed a green circular shape that appeared above the trees, on the east side of I-5 driving north.  Seemed to be 300-400 feet in the air, was a green light, and sped off to the north in an instant.  We only saw it for about 4 seconds, or so.  It seemed as big as an airplane."
"Object tracked from north to south high in sky, became bright, stopped in mid flight and disappeared. Object tracked from north to south high in the sky.  It was bright like stars, but then became extremely bright, stopped in mid flight, dimmed down and disappeared."
"Interstate 80 Flying Open Frame Craft, Flying East Bound 100 Feet above Desert Floor. Interstate 80 Eastbound. Green Flying Frame and Red Sphere.  Frame craft can be seen through. Frame segments light up intently and blink on & Off at random. Shape of craft is elongated tetrahedron. Observed flying approximately 800 to 1,000 feet south of Interstate 80 at an elevation of roughly 100 feet above desert floor, in a east bound direction.  This incident occured in broad daylight, on a clear day. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"\"Moon Lander\" Shaped UFO Stormy day. My son witnessed a flying object that he described as looking like a \"Moon Lander\" that was dark in color and had a red pulsing light at the bottom.  It made no noise even though it was about 100ft above him.   He said it was roughly the size of a large car.  He followed it for about 30 minutes before calling us from his cell phone..at which point it flew straight upward and disappeared in the clouds.  He tried to take a picture but it wouldn't show up in his photos."
"Bright, discoid or shallow cone-shaped object in full daylight. While out taking a walk during the afternoon break at work, I noticed this bright, metallic-looking object moving across the northern sky at a leisurely pace, perhaps a third way of the way up from horizon to zenith.  At first I thought it was a helicopter, but as I kept watching I realized its profile was too round and solid.   The sighting lasted the greater part of a minute as it crossed my field of vision from left to right.   Too late, I decided to photograph it and snapped 3 shots with my pocket camera.  In the last photo the object presents a different profile and is seen juxtaposed above an airliner.  It disappeared from view moments thereafter."
"slow and silent Triangle UFO with red lights pass by . PHILIPPINES It is a very early morning of November 1st 2011 a sun has not yet risen . the night before we witness that object  we are inside my friends house chatting, eating , laughing and doing other stuff ... and actually we do not planned to sleep that night we want to stay awake until morning... i decided to go outside for around ( 12am - 1am ) coz the night sky is very clear and the stars can clearly be seen... and i thought its a good time to see shooting stars .. then my friends decided to go outside too... to join me ... we were sitting in the side of the street then my friends decided to bring out pillows and a carpet and set it in the middle of the street.. ( its very early, no cars will use that street and its not a main street ) then suddenly while laying down there my friend saw that Black Triangular object with red lights and pointed it for us to see it ( time was around ( 3am - 4am ) , it is slow and running silent in the sky and it passed exactly right ! over us maybe its about 750 - 1000 ft above us.. its very creepy seeing that thing because i saw videos in youtube exactly the same to that object...  this is the coordinates of our exact location lat : 14.869100 long: 120.861669 you can view it here ( http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html )  and i also uploaded a photo which is not belong to me... i just wanted to show it .. because it exactly look like it except the lights ... ( coz the lights were red to what we saw )  sorry for my bad english and late report to i just wanted to report it... So that the experts here will know it was also seen here in the Philippines..."
"Four cigar shapped lights appeared in a fire orange color, one then three more then changed formation and moved NNE bound. I'm a business owner and a private helicopter pilot and have flown and driven this particular rout several times over the past few years.  This was the first time to ever witness an encounter of this significance.  There is no doubt in my mind the lights/craft I describe below are extraterrestrial. While driving north bound on HWY 93 from Wickenburg, AZ towards Las Vegas, NV, on December 2, 2009, at approximately 8:45 p.m., an orange glow in the western sky caught my attention.  The lights seemed to be about five miles to my west and at an elevation of about 6000 to 8000 ft. AGL (above Ground Level).   At first there was only one object and with a blink of my eyes there were three more cigar shaped lights that glowed fire orange.  The lights were in a vertical step formation with the original one hovering off to the right of the other three.  Within about ten seconds they were gone. About 15 min. later as I continued N. Bound on HWY 93 the lights appeared at approximately the same elevation and distance from me as before except this time they were in a horizontal formation in the NNW direction of my location and had movement to the NNE direction, they moved like skipping rocks in a pond, quite amazing to see.   The night sky was extremely clear and the moon was bright.  This was an extraordinarily clear night and there was almost no traffic on the road."
"Dark \"loud-like\" shape suddendly appeared on the sky, then changed into a funnel-like shape then split into three round disk shapes I was driving north from San Diego to my house in Escondido at around 4:30pm. on a sunny, clear blue sky with some white clouds. When I reached the top of the hill at Racho Bernardo, I saw a small (far away) dark (grey) cloud-like shape suddendly appear on the sky over the San Pascual Mauntains. The dark shapped \"cloud\" changed shaped very quickly and it streched to a funnel-like shape and then back to more rounder shape. a few seconds later it split into three round shapes that started moving left and right slowly and they appear to fade in and out. the round shapes then started moving faster in short, random directions like a pinball getting smaller and larger, and then all three shapes \"flew\" or disapeard from my sight behind the mountain. Seriously????? I even took off my sun glasses to make sure it wasn't anything stuck to them.. I looked away and then back to see if it was only my vision but no it was real. I'd be interested to know if I was the only one who saw this."
"A star with flashing colored lights moving erratically Last night, December 30th, 2018, around 7:15pm (19:00), I walked outside and was amazed by the clear viewing sky above over Ohio.  The stars were bright and very few clouds, it was beautiful.  So I stood there watching for a short while and then saw something that caught my eye.  Just North of Orion's Belt was an object that seemed to be moving erratically and possibly with color. Red, Blue and maybe a yellow.  It would circle then move one way and another and then sit still for a while or move to a different spot (not far from the first).  Then start all over again in this same pattern.   I ran in the house and had my husband come out, he wasn't impressed but did see it and said \"probably some guy with a drone or something\" and he went back inside.  I watched it for some time and then went in the house to \"google\" it and there are many sightings of this type.  Some mentioned seeing more than one at a time.  I went back out and searched the sky and sure enough saw another one.  This one was further to the North but then moved East."
"Triangle shaped object with lights hovering in the sky We observed the object hovering for about 45 minutes,  A triangle shape with lights/which later turned on its side looking like a single angle side before taking off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"A light in ther sky shot down then made a quick turn to the right in a backwards J shape. My friend and I saw what looked like a star shoot down then make a quick turn to the right and shoot back into the sky.  So basically it made a backwards J shape."
"Bright white light hovering in southern Arizona night sky On November 5th, 2013, I saw a bright white light to the south.  It was around 5pm, dusk with a few scattered clouds (a storm was coming in).  The light had a haze about it and I thought it was a really bright star at first or an airplane.  So I watched it for a 3-4 more minutes to see if it was a plane.  But it began to move erratically, it's behavior nothing like that of a plane nor star.  It appeared to be hovering, bobbing up and down.  Then it would fly up to the left, hover then float back down farther to the right. (distance was hard to tell, though it appeared to be far, but at the same time it almost seemed like it was right above the San Tan Mountains.)  After witnessing the strange behavior, I went inside to get out my astronomy binoculars, ruling out a plane, star or satellite.  Looking through the binoculars showed me the object was spherical, with bright gold lights encompassing the entire object and the lights appeared to be moving clockwise, which I suppose suggests the object was rotating, revolving as it hovered.  We would periodically check on the light every 30 minutes or so and still no change.  At around 8pm the object (while viewed from the astronomy binoculars) appeared to turn towards the south and fly off.  The light became dimmer and smaller until it completely disappeared.  Thinking that was strange and still not knowing what it could be, I dismissed it as nothing, perhaps the military or the coming storm was responsible.  But, I have now seen this object in the sky every night around the same time.  I am really curious as to what this could be.  The behavior is always the same, always in the same spot and staying there for 2-3 hours."
"Object appeared about 15 ft.  Long 7 wide.  Jet black.  Lost view as it went behind a tree. I was chatting in thousand oaks ca.my freind was oblivious talking to me.I had noticed a black object the shape of a soft edged triangle with a drifting s.e. rotation.  I said \"what's that!\"  The time was 3:02 roughly.it was very black under a overcast sky.when they first saw it the one guy was insistent it was a helicopter.  but no sound at a distance of what seemed like a couple thousand feet.  a height of about 1000 feet.  Speed seemed like 50 miles an hour.another witness saw it moving slowly in a 360 circular motion.\"no noise\".  it covered about a mile and I had to climb onto a wall to keep seeing it.  i know for a fact I would probably not pick it up well on my phone because of the lighting available."
"3 silent deep black triangular UFO's Charlotte beach Prior serviceman US Army, I saw three black as night triangular shaped UFO's gliding silently in a straight line formation from south to north parallel with lake Avenue by Charlotte Beach.  Followed by what seemed to be multiple aircraft in the area the minutes after sighting.   When all was calm, I seen the three silent black triangles do another pass following almost the exact flight path."
"Red 'Fireball' Siting At approximately 21:30 on 05-MAY-16, a red 'fireball' object was spotted travelling across the sky bearing approximately 130\u00b0. The size, altitude, speed, and distance from the observation point are unknown.  The siting spanned a duration of approximately 30 seconds and was witnessed by two persons from the same perspective.  There was no noise noticed from the object.  The object flew out of perspective view being blocked by nearby structures and trees. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"a oval ring of 11 light sources. seen for about 15 mins , taken shots of the sighting"
"Cigar shaped siting My wife and I were out for the sunset on our porch. In the East was the moon.  Then I saw what appeared to be cigar shaped object above the moon from my perspective.  It was quite far away and moving quite rapidly across the sky.  If it was a jet at the size that I witnessed it, it would not be moving that fast.  There was no vapor trail, and it was silent.  We watched it move rapidly off into the distance.  Almost immediately following that, 4 F-16s followed and appeared to give chase.  That being said, it is also July 4th and sometimes the F-16s give air shows and the F-16s remained in the area for sometime after the object left which makes me question whether or not they were actually chasing the object or not.  I could clearly hear the F-16s but not the object.  I am an aircraft owner with 950 hours of pilot-in command time."
"Multiple orange orbs going in and out of the atmosphere in a synchronized formation, eventually disappearing one by one"
"At approximately 10:00 pm a spherical orange like began to ascend from the trees. It ascended 55 degrees and then turned into what looked like a disco ball of lights and emitted three more crafts which flew northeast in the direction of our home.  Three more orange spheres followed and repeated the cycle.  As the little crafts were flying around the original ball of light lit the sky up orange.  At the end of the event we counted upwards of 25 objects in the sky and were left dumbfounded at what we just witnessed."
"unidentified objects in digital camera pics Hi, i live in israel and on the 28.04.06 around 18:00 i took some photos of the beach in Tel Aviv, when i came home and look at the photos i noticed a forigen body in the pics that looks like a transperant teardrop on the background of the sky. i have two different photos that in the first one i can see one object and in the secound one i can see two more objects. these 3 objects have the same shape but photographed in different angles and different areas in the photo. it looks really interesting and i think you sould see it."
"it what's not a plane or a bird . this object was moving fast and climbing fast. sphere shape moving fast toward the clouds, the object enter the clouds, it was cloudy and tumder and lightining. after the object enter the clouds it started to rain and follow by thunder and lightining.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"An object with flashing lights moving at a very slow rate of speed over a tree line. It was approximately 12:30 am in the month of April 1995.  I was sitting in my patrol unit when I observed over the tree lines a very large object the size of a military cargo plane (wing span) moving at a slow rate of speed.  The object was not a thin disc, but appeared to be 2-3 stories in height.  It made no sound and its speed was too slow to be an airplane.  It moved about 5 mph.  From the position I was in it was moving in a North East direction toward the college.  The object had blue, red, and white lights across it flashing and rotating.  I can remember watching them mesmerized at the fact that it was coming towards me.  I never lost eye contact with it, but I did lose time.  While I was watching it move closer, I did not notice that a tow truck driver had pulled up next to my unit.  He banged on his driver side door to get my attention.  He wanted to know a certain apartment complex.  After answering his question, which only took a minute, I looked back at the tree lines and saw that the object had disappeared.     At its speed it should have moved over the college.  I drove around the college and down the bypass looking for the object.  I went in a North and Southern direction.  There was nothing in the sky."
"Red fiery object witnessed by 3 adults. My dad, brother, and I were outside in his driveway sitting by a fire when we saw a fiery object coming from the west.  At first we thought it was an airplane on fire because he lives close to an airport.  Then we thought it was debris from space but we didnt see any debris.  It was silent as it flew over.  The object came out of the clouds, flew directly over our heads and went back into the clouds.  My brother tried to take a picture with his phone but it didn't come out.  It flew at exactly 79 degrees east because we looked at the compass on his phone headed towards Canada.  We haven't called the airport yet to see if they saw something on radar.  It is something we can't explain."
"2 circular red objects in the sky that took off fast in the sky 2 flying circular objects with super bright red lights,took off slow out of nowhere and started spinning around then sped off faster than any aircraft I've ever seen.   There were others on highway 29 South that slammed on brakes because of the sight."
"I would think that Hanz Glaser had better things to do than spend months on a wood carving that was too ugly to sell. It's a map.  A very accurate one for its day. If there were to be hard evidence on earth it would be behind the old church in the carving.  Look at the picture...maybe more than one ship. It might be a very interesting dig. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD))"
"6-25-1954, Red circle of light in Thrifty, Texas.  USA On June 25,1954, I was visiting my family, who lived in the middle of the country, in Thrifty, Texas.  My husband and I had a travel trailer, which was parked on the south side of the family house.  The night was clear and there were no clouds in the sky. At approximately 4:00 AM, I went outside to go to the restroom.  I looked into the northern sky, and I saw a red circle of light.  It was not pulsating or making a noise.  It was about one mile in front of me hanging over the old oil well pumps.  At first, I thought someone put up a light, but suddenly the red circle of light shot straight up and stopped, and then about 2-3 seconds later it shot, at a 45 degree angle, to the north leaving a red trail."
"Two solid white lights in a straight line formation silently moving to the NE across far NE El Paso Located in far Northeast El Paso, near Railroad Dr and Farah Dr, while star gazing, two solid white lights appeared overhead out of nowhere and moved in a straight line formation, one behind the other, to the northeast for just a short distance for about 5 minutes and disappeared. It was a clear night with no clouds.  It was a calm, windless night and there was no detectable sound from the lights passing overhead.  There were no associated blinking or colored lights as on an aircraft. The lights were brighter and more focused than stars, and were flying at an altitude far lower than high planes yet higher than any low planes.  The lights moved straight ahead with no side to side movement, and traveled too fast to be a high altitude plane or a satellite, but slower than a low altitude plane. The lights were in a straight line formation too far apart to be just a single plane.  Although no associated shape was detected, it seemed as if the lights were positioned with one at the front and one at the back. What was so startling and attention-getting was that the direction of travel was entirely not in keeping with the normal flight paths of either ELP or Biggs Army Airfield, nor of the high altitude commercial flight paths crossing El Paso.  The witness is a nightly observer of the constellations and the local commercial and Army flight paths across Northeast El Paso."
"In the northwest sky, there were about seven lights moving slowly and flashing in and out if an extremely strange fashion. My boyfriend and I were stopped at a train track while a train was going by and I happened to look up.  There in the northwest were about seven lights which looked to be attached to about three objects.  The lights moved very strangely.  They came and went in no pattern, flashed in and out for the whole time the train took to go by. They were circular and mostly white with maybe a hint of red to them.  They were extremely bright and were like nothing I\u2019ve seen before."
"we saw a bust of light then a fast streak across the sky. my son and I were driving through the country about 11 pm or so and noticed something very large off in the distance. but as we approached its position it wasn't there. it had a bright light and looked to be stationary.  we returned to our original point and couldn't locate it. we continued into town and drove through a community in franklin Indiana.  a bright blue flash covered the sky near where we saw the object west of town. then suddenly a streak of white light appeared east of town then faded. my best description would be like something off star trek. a bright light to blast off...then a streak left by something cruising at high speed. but the entire burst and streak only lasted 2 seconds."
"Reddish-Orange Sphere over Lake George Village NY Approximately 9:05pm on August 4th, I was walking North on Canada Street in Lake George Village, when I saw a strange Reddish-Orange object in the sky.  I was with my wife & another couple and they stopped and looked as well.  I had seen it move slightly south.  It was in the east-northeastern sky approximately at mid-upper flight level.  It then appeared to almost stop in one spot.  I then proceeded to take a picture of it through my high zoom camera.   Shortly after I took the shot, it then began to fade in the spot it was in and within seconds vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Two brilliant white angel/cross shaped objects lingering above my workplace roof  While going on lunch at work.I stepped outside to have a smoke, at exactly 12:01pm est.I looked up at the clear blue sky and noticed a brilliant white angel/cross shaped type of object-not a bird.I stepped further back to see more of the sky to the north.I instantly observed another white object.The same as the first in description.Both were almost stationary and were apart in distance at about one quarter mile . Both had altitude between 5-10,000 feet -no clouds in the background-rich blue sky.As I continued to watch these objects in fascination for about 15 minutes.One of the objects moved off at the same altitude,heading southeast,towards Lake Ontario.There was no sound,and they had size way up there ! I then returned my eyes to the spot where the other still stayed almost stationary.I was in just a awe like state,wondering in my mind to identify this thing.Then after 5-8 mins.The second one started to move off.It headed off like the first one. In the sam! e direction-southeast.I continued to watch it move towards the east.What was most interesting in observation was I noticed no lights when it was closer to me.I would describe the objects to be the most brilliant white in colour your eyes have ever seen-no lights.There was low cloud cover towards the southeast. After about 5 minutes,the second object was about 2-3 miles away from my position.I could clearly see with the naked eye, as it was moving underneath the clouds.It looked like a white  \" light \" moving eastward.I then lost visual contact due to further distance.I could not believe in witnessing this daylight sighting.Though, I will NEVER forget ,what it was I had witnessed on March 3rd 2003[333].Due to this unusual daylight sighting and being totally dumbstruck.I did not run to get any witnesses to view this dramatic sighting.I must report to you that this was the first sighting witnessed, since August 3rd,2002.This was the beginning of a incredible year 2003-Mars and! Earth's closeness in 60,000 yrs August 27th,2003.Not to menti! on 15 mo re sightings later witnessed [18 witnesses] in 2003 that defied logic/and associated paranormal activity on the ground.Added by a three foot flying snake like creature at camp.Also in deep shock to confirm on August 13th 2003 of being taken as a child 1963-1965."
"Cassandra railroad over look orange light seen in v between mountains over railroad tracks moving unlike any man made craft the csx radio dispatch asked I'd anyone was seeing this moving light then radio was taken off air for approximately 15 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"First light ascending up from below trees from where I was sitting outside early morning.  It moved up and overhead and was very bright and than aluminated extremely bright before leaving the atmosphere.  It happened before a jet came by.   Second one went across the sky not as bright.  Again before a jet went by. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Did not notice until picture downloaded    Will send pic when contacted by email"
"Intense silvery white light/orb appearing in front of a large cloud in Paris Ky. It was approximately 7:00pm and I was driving east on the Paris bypass (US-62) headed to work. It was getting dark, and there were large cumulus clouds in the sky. On this particular road, there isn't much but countryside, farms etc, everything is pretty open. I was trying to keep my eyes on the road, but I was also paying alot of attention to these amazing huge white clouds in the darkened sky. Amazing scenery. At one instance, I looked back up at this big cloud out to the right side of my windshield, and an intense ball of silver white light just appeared. It burst out in front of this cloud. Out of nowhere. It was not a star, and it wasn't a plane. It was a round intense ball of silvery white light that stayed in the same place for a few seconds, then it slowly took off to the left a short distance and faded out. Like it went into the cloud. A white car was in front of me, and they had to have seen it too. The distance of the object is hard to determine. From my perspective It was about he size of a dime right beside this huge mid level cloud. Very bright."
"Reddish object from the north slowy went east and then 10 min. later it happened again. We were sitting around a fire, from the north came a reddish light. It appeared to be moving slowly.  The object was right in front of us. It had a white ring around the centre and had an orange/red glow around the ring.  It slowly moved towards the east.  We watched it go fade away.  About 10 min.later we saw it again.  It went in the same path.  The sky was very clear that night and we all saw it clearly. It was amazing!!!!!"
"At first they looked like bright stars, but stars don't move, right? One night, as my boyfriend, his friend, and I were walking around our apartment building, we stopped to look up at the stars. It was a clear winter night, and while gazing upward we spotted what at first we thought was a satellite. It was a little brighter than the surrounding stars, and was moving at about the same speed as a satellite at first. We then noticed another, and another. Total there were at least three and possibly as many as six. For about 15-30 minutes we watched as these lights came together in a group, lined up beside each other, branched from one another and then came together again. (I\u2019ve forgotten the exact sequence in which this happened.) At one point three of the lights aligned in triangle formation, and moved around as a group. They took turns branching off from the triangle and then coming back. They all moved in straight lines, there didn\u2019t seem to be much, if any, curve to their movement. When the disappeared, it was fast, and almost like they were being sucked back into the black of the sky. It reminded us of \u201cwarp speed\u201d from Star Trek. The three of us all saw the same thing, and being the open minded people we are, didn\u2019t take long to come to the conclusion that whatever we saw were some sort of space crafts, possessing technology way beyond human capability. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Cigar shaped ufo , anyone in Windham area seen ufos?? While waiting in the Wal-Mart parking lot, looking towards Wal-Mart a weird shaped craft caught my eye, I could not tell really what it was. The craft was moving really slow, it was a whitish haze color(Probably haze cause of the visibility), long cigar shape, huge!!! Probably a quarter of a mile away, thats how big this cigar shape ufo was. I kept looking at the ufo losing it on some of the trees that were in the way and these trees were not big at all it took probably 15 secs. to find it on the other side of each tree I lost it in, after about 3 trees the object disappered!! I was like \"What the hell!?!?!?\" but I did see some flashing of quick lights after in the other side of the tree. There is a airport right next to this Wal-Mart but I really think it wasn't an airplane. It was a cigar shape object! This is my 6th time in my life I seen a ufo, I seen a V-shaped, a disk, and a couple triangle shaped ufos, its so weird."
"My girlfriend and I were relaxing on the bay looking east towards the eastern shore when what seemed to come straight out of the water a red flare begins to rise steady upward at a rate of speed much faster then any other objects in the sky I.e. the planes in the distance  anyways we watched it keep going up till it passed through one cloud my gf thought it disappeared then a couple of seconds later reappeared heading on the same coarse straight up for maybe 15 to 20 more seconds then the red ball eventually disappeared  The entire event lasted no more then 1 minute. After it was gone we notice the vapor trail from it passing through the clouds . I am very confused and would like to think it is just a serimonlly candle balloon but I doubt it."
"Object was a bright light that stood out brighter than any star seen in sky from that location. I stepped out onto my deck at about 6:30 am and immediately noticed a very bright light in the sky.  At first, I thought it was probably an airplane, but it did not appear to be moving. The object appeared MUCH bigger (at least 5 times) than any of the stars in the sky and VERY bright. I thought I could see a 2 blinking red lights on the bottom, but not sure.  I went back inside to get my binoculars but was unable to get better resolution through them.  I walked downstairs to the back yard and watched the object for another couple minutes.  The light seemed to fade slightly, as if a haze passed over and brightened again.  In about 30 seconds it was completely gone."
"Orange bright light over fayetteville Nc In fayetteville North Carolina around 8 to 8:30pm i saw a very bright orange looking light.  It was located about 5 to 10 miles out in the North West sky.  It was maybe a mile or two up from ground level. It never moved.  It was as still as looking at any other star.  It was at least three times the size of the brightest star in the western sky. At first I thought that it was a star dying or something.  I called the kids but when they came out the door it just was gone. I started to go back in but I did not. About five minutes later it reappeared in the same spot. I called my family again and they witness the event also.  It lasted about 30 seconds again and began to get brighter than extinguished. What was it?In fayetteville North Carolina around 8 to 8:30pm i saw a very bright orange looking light. It was located about 5 to 10 miles out in the North West sky. It was maybe a mile or two up from ground level. It never moved. It was as still as looking at any other star. It was at least three times the size of the brightest star in the western sky. At first I thought that it was a star dying or something. I called the kids but when they came out the door it just was gone. I started to go back in but I did not. About five minutes later it reappeared in the same spot. I called my family again and they witness the event also.  It lasted about 30 seconds again and began to get brighter than extinguished. What was it? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red fireball changing direction in sky Leaving to grocery store we noticed a red fireball in the sky.  It was heading down at first then turned to the right and left a trail of smoke behind it.   After about 9 min it started going up again until it vanished.   We live north east Fort Wayne, IN.  We both have never seen anything like this.  Our dogs were going crazy barking!!"
"It was unlike anything i've ever seem before in my life! Silver circle shoot across the sky with no sound or smoke coming from the tail.  Bright ball very bright.  Outstanding view!  Went completely over the trees located on the site."
"a  fire ball looking object came across the sky, changed directiong and then disappeared. At approximately 10pm on July 10, 2010.  A red/ orangey glowing ball of fire looking object was seen flying across the sky heading west.  At first we thought it was a plane that may have been on fire or a planet/ shooting star.  Then after observing the flight pattern we came to the conclusion that a plane cannot change directions that quickly.  The object  then cut back and flew  south east.  After that it flew straight and disappeared into the sky as it seemed to stutter.  There were no cloud in the sky."
"2 space ships in the sky Last night I was out walking my dog, and I happened to look up at the sky because I read something about Jupiter being able to be seen. As I was admiring it and the moon a blinking light caught my eye and as I was staring at it I was wondering if maybe it was a plane. After I put my dog in the house I ran back outside to look again and thats when I notice there was 3 of them. At first they were all flying in a triangle then one of them disapeared. So here I am watching the remaing 2 ships, as far as I could tell they had red and white blinking lights which went around in a cirle. The lights were blinking quite fast as they went across the sky. I looked like they were deliberately flying at the same speed with one of them flying slightly behind the other but higher up, the other was flying ahead of the other but lower. But the were definitly flying together. I don't know if they were trying to find a place to land or not because they soon disappeared behind some trees. I was outside watching them for about 45 mins. I thought the light were blinking way to fast ato be airplane and I have never seen 2 planes flying together like they were."
"Myself and few friends are sitting in parking lot talking about satellites and lights in the sky weather there airplanes or UFOs and I look up to the West over the top of a mountain that has a repeater tower on it with a red light and I said like those lights next to the red Tower do you guys see those they said yes three lights red and color in a triangle I said are those UFO or airplane and all of a sudden 3 white glowing orbs dropped out of the bottom of it and as they entered the atmosphere you could see the orange glow come off underneath them and then they went behind the mountain the ship with the three lights on it moved Southward in a slow speed and then disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I know that what me and my daughters witness was not airplanes it was something that we had not seen before. Last night me and my two daughter's had just come from the corner store, they had gone in the house already and I was left outside I had to close my gate to my car. I was on my way in the house I just so happen to look up and saw what I thought was a high flying airplane. Well after about 1 min past this blinking light came from the east of me and I was about to go in the house when out of no-were another blinking light came from the west of the other light and they meet and in line of each other and I was like OMG these two planes are going to crash? I then ran to my door and called for one of my daughter's to come see she is fourteen years old and she came out and ask me what was I looking at and I said look at those two lights? She said I don't think those are airplanes? I said I know look how fast the lights are blinking? She said they look like UFO'S I ask her how do you know what it look like? And she said I've seen them on TV? And the one's I've seen ! on TV look just like these? By then my 9yr old came outside and ask what's up there in the sky mom? I said it look like a UFO or airplane? And even my baby said mama look at those lights over there and it was another blinking light they were blinking off and on so fast it was so amazing to us. After about 7 or 8 min we all went in the house because they the lights went over behind the trees and we could not see them anymore. After I got in the house I wanted to see them again so I was getting ready for the bed and happen to look out my bedroon window and the same two lights that we saw at first was back out over the top of the trees that I can see from my bedroom window, I called my daughter to my window and we watch them for about 3min and they just blinked out. I hope that someone else saw what we saw, I'm just glad I wasn't the only person that saw these lights. The fast flying lights were to far away for me to record it on my cell-phone, I was trying to record it."
"10-20 reddish-orange orbs traveling slowly in the sky together in a lightning bolt formation were spotted for about 30-60 seconds I was with a group of  4 friends and we were inside when all of a sudden, another friend of mine came running into my door from outside.  He yelled, &quot;  You guys have to see this! It's creepy and I've never seen anything like it!&quot; we all ran outside to check it out, and we looked in the sky and their was a formation of reddish orange orbs in the sky. They appeared to be in a formation that looked like a lightning bolt. We saw them moving slightly one direction and appeared to be moving further away. We ran inside to grab cameras and when we came out, they were gone. We hopped on our bikes and biked a couple blocks and spotted a single orb traveling in the opposite direction. We were very disappointed we didn't get it on camera. The orbs were definitely not airplanes and they looked like lights in the sky I had never seen before. They did not flicker, and they were very big!"
"Blue colored sphere seen by hree people from three different locations Location:  Sri Lanka East sky; Orion constellation - appeared alongside \u201cBellatrix\u201d   Description:  This object appeared as a spherical one and it had a glowing bright blue color.  Three friends including me saw this object from three locations situated approximately 20-45 km (Kandy, Central Province, Sri Lanka) to each other. Remarks: UFO hovered for about 20-25 minutes while radiating orange-yellowish colures from its sides.  Slight movement from left to right was observed and went dim and bright (slow flickers) several times (no clouds) and after 2-3 minutes later moved towards south east direction in a constant linear speed faster than a common satellite. 1-2 minutes later an Aircraft with no sound (probably as I think) traveled in a strange path closer to the exact area the UFO was observed.  Perhaps that arrival may have caused the UFO to move away\u2026"
"Flock formation of unidentified craft, appearing as blue strobing lights First spotted four lights coming across the horizon in a diamond formation.  These were followed by several more in a flock.   The lights appeared far away, behaving like fireflies, but it was obvious they were MUCH larger.  Definitely not airplanes (there was a plane elsewhere in the sky at the same time and it was nothing similar in appearance or behavior).   The lights flocked across the sky slowly, glowing off and on like fireflies.  The lights were slightly bluish in color.   Spotted from the smoking patio of The Milestone Club on Tuckaseegee ((sic.  Tuskegee??)) Dr. Did an internet search to see if there were any other reports of this sighting, found this video of an almost identical sighting also in Charlotte from 10/15/16:  https://youtu.be/qxLEnqsUYS4"
"I was amazed when I came to this site and looked up the date that I saw my strange encounter.  Some one posted on the same date that they saw what I had seen, and that was a bright light as bright as venus screaming across the sky.  First though meteor then bamm the thing stopped and where it stopped was next to two other lights of same brightness when all three where in a triangle formation they all turned due north at a 45 degree angle.  That's when my friend and I freaked out.  Being 18 and dumb still didn't explain the speed of travel and then stopping and then turning 45 degrees and going out of site. The 0ther similar story I read from gentlemen was from chicago which is north of us here in Ottawa.  Best way to explain is a meteor that stopped.  I still remember it like yesterday and it happened in 74\"."
"I knew it wasn't a normal object in the sky!  It was orange or red, then after while it disappeared.  Craziest thing I've ever saw!!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Thirty two years ago I reported my UFO incident to AFSCA and kept a copy of my letter.  Here is my verbatim letter dated June 19, 1980. Sunday, June 15, 1980, at approximately 9:45 p.m. I witnessed two unidentified flying objects. First I noticed lightning from my bedroom window.  I did not hear any noise and as I approached the window I realized it was not raining.  The lightning was blinking behind my neighbor\u2019s house.  As I scanned the city from my view I saw a UFO.  It was a weird design as I have illustrated here. These are red lights.  (Drawing)  It flashed one second and then disappeared. I focused my attention on the lightning behind my neighbor\u2019s house and all of a sudden it stopped and a flying saucer ascended high above the neighbor\u2019s roof.  The saucer appeared dark then lights went on.  It\u2019s green and transparent so I could readily see it was occupied by one person.  The lights are brilliant and illuminated around the saucer and below the scene created a beautiful pattern.  It was immobile a few seconds then the lights went out and it disappeared.  For the next two minutes the lightning reappeared while far away in the distance the other UFO flashed once again. This was the last I saw of the two UFO\u2019s."
"We arrived at the lake in our city, specifically Sioux Look Out Park in Burlington, Ontario.  Approximately 20-25 orange oval lights were seen flying east from the Toronto direction to south west in a cluster over Lake Ontario.   As the light objects ascended upward, eventually they disappeared.  This lasted for about 10 minutes.   We were very taken aback and initially thought they had to be planes, but too many were clustered together, which would be impossible for planes to take off in a similar formation especially at 21:30 at night."
"LIGHTS APPEAR AND DISAPPEAR. DI NOTICED A RED LIGHT JUST BELOW A SATTELIGHT.  IT DISAPPEARED, AND THEN REAPPEAROVER ON THE OTHERSIDE.  AND THEN DISAPPEAR AGAIN AND REAPPEAR BACK ON THE OTHER SIDE AGAIN  IT DID THIS 5 TIMES.  IT WASNT AN  AIRCRAFT AS THE LIGHT WAS BIGGER AND CHANGED POSITION WAY FASTER THAN ANYTHING!!  THE FIRST TIME IT WAS RED, ALL THE OTHERS WERE MORE ORANGE."
"While out on an evening walk I witnessed a light that suddenly flew off. I was out taking my evening walk with my son, who is 21 months old, and my dog.  It was a little later than usual, somewhere between 8-8:30 p.m., but I wanted to go for the walk regardless.  I had just made it up the hill from my house when I thought I heard a sudden mass of car horns blasting at the same time in the distance.  I looked around and then got a throbbing sensation in my head.  In a natural motion I just looked up and saw a light. The light did not seem to produce light since it seemed very bright but I did not have to squint to look right at it.  It appeared quite large but still a good distance over my head.  It then abruptly seemed to retract itself, as if being spotted, straight back and then made one or two zigzag motions. As the light quickly got further and further away it seemed to give off something like a vapor trail, but more the consistency of smoke, as it picked up speed.  I watched it until it was the size of a pin-point and then completely gone. This all took place in probably no more than 30 seconds.  I did not feel threatened at all but continued with a slight throbbing in my head and behind my right eye for the duration of my walk. I returned home safely and have had no adverse reactions.  My son and dog appear to have not noticed anything and show no symptoms either.  All in all, back to normal."
"Silver oval craft seen near Electra, Texas Conditions: Clear, 50 deg. F Time: 4:28 pm Location: Wilbarger Co., Texas  I was driving home from work SE bound on US HWY 287 about 3 miles NW of Electra, Texas, when I saw a very bright shiny ovoid shape back to the south (right side of HWY). I'd guess it to be about 0.5 miles away and maybe 2-3 thousand ft. high. The craft was hovering in place but as soon as I locked my gaze on it, it fell with dazzling speed towards the ground at about a 45 degree angle. Then it completely disappeared. I don't mean moved out of sight, I mean it was like someone switched off a light bulb! It flat out disappeared!  As I was watching, it suddenly reappeared est. 1/4 mile north from where it disappeared, now flying slowly at about 1000 ft. off the ground back across the left side of the highway heading due north, it then fizzled and sparked (electrical short?) and completely disappeared again. I'd say the first sighting lasted about 4 seconds and the last maybe 2 seconds. I never saw it again. This was very, very strange! I know it was no airplane, weather balloon, or space debris because of the controlled movements and the disappearance/reappearance. Other planes were flying, leaving plain vapor trails, this left no vapor trail at all."
"1 1/2 times the size of a full moon,  green and moved alot faster than normal at 4 am This is not fake!!  I was fishing on a dock facing south on Clear Lake just west of Seabrook, TX. Actually I was in El Lago, TX.  In a south/southwest direction up in the sky, way up above the Hilton Hotel and was already in motion and continued in a perfect geometrical arc in direction and down towards and disappearing, not over the horizon, but just above the west horizon.  Object appeared to me about 1 and 1/2 times the size of a full moon, just off of round.  I would say slightly egg shaped.  Object had no sound and moved from where I started to see it to where it disappeared in about a fourth of the time it would take a fighter plane to travel.   Now then, the color and radiance of the object stayed the same throughout the sighting.  It was a very bright light green almost like a glowing type of green although it didn't do any glowing.  Just the object itself had the color and light.  There was no light emitting off of it into the surrounding dark sky or a! ny halo and I hope I am discribing this so as to give an accurate picture.  There is no way to come up with a guess on the actual size of the object or how far it was from earth.   And like I said there was no sound, perfect arc descending pattern,  size abnormally large compared to anything that we would normally see in our sky.  Speed incredibly fast compared to our F16's, etc. and the way the light emitted from the object was not normal.   This happened in Oct of 2000.  I reported this on this site back in 05 or 06 although I can't find my sighting in your archives.  I would really like for someone to let me know if this was something that has a logical explanation behind it.   Nasa is right there at that end of the lake.  If this is something of our government, we have nothing to fear from other country's military might.  This object was definitely unidentified by me, however until there is some proof, it doesn't mean that there were alien beings in it. Someone else had to ! have seen this!  I was 34 at that time and was not under the i! nfluence of drugs and/or alcohol.  I am not mentally insane and I am not retarded.  You can reach me at 903-((number deleted)). I welcome your call. Have a God Blessed day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date in September 1993 is approximate.  PD))"
"Box and kite like object in fixed position No wind, thought it was a kite.  Fixed position but moving in place.  Started before night time and stayed in same position even after dark.  It is black. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large object over lake It was approximately 200 feet tall with a width of about 100 feet.  It was semi oval shaped with a flat bottom.  It had what looked like swirling fire in tight circles all over it entirely.  It was floating over a lake that is about 3 miles wide, on the opposite side of the lake from my position.  It floated up and down about one hundred feet high, down to water level, many times.  I watched it for twenty minutes, and decided I should leave because it was coming closer.  This area is next door to the Kennedy Space Center, and Patrick Air Force Base."
"16 Orange Lights In Slope Formation Near Pamperin Park Heading westbound on Business Highway 29 near Pamperin Park, I sighted about 16 orange lights, aligned in twos vertically, forming an upward slope in a pattern that looked like ski slope lights.  They appeared to start their formation about 50 feet above the trees and slope up another 150 feet; they were positioned above the subdivision North of Riverdale Dr.   There were at least two of the lights moving in and out of the formation.  I turned off at the Sherwood St exit and turned left onto Hillcrest Rd., in an attempt to find a vantage point where I could take a picture, but the trees were blocking my view of their last position.   I then got back onto the highway heading eastbound in and only saw one orange light remaining as I passed their previous location.  I headed into Pamperin Park in hopes to get somewhere underneath the orange light but upon arrival that one was gone too.  I don\u2019t know how long they had been visible, but it was clearly seen from the highway when I passed. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright shiny craft seen over Oklahoma mountains. My daughter and myself were walking the trail at the park mid day.  We were headed east when we saw a bright flash to the north over the mountains on Ft. Sill.  The thing was oval, bright yellow,  and super shiny.  It was almost holographic in its brightness.  We watched it travel from about 100 feet off the ground all the way above the skyline and higher.  Then it disappeared.  We waited a few minutes scanning the sky but it never reappeared."
"Red flaming fireball seen by 1. Was watching Military planes circling for hours.  In the middle of that a fireball shot across the sky.  It appeared to be sparking and was flaming.  It traveled very quickly.   Startled this housewife very much."
"I'm fairly sure the glow from the woods was not caused by human activity. I just wanted to share something that may be of interest. It was around the year 2000 in mid November in Hartford, Maine, a rural town of about 800 people.  From 1993 to 2005, I would make my annual deer hunting trip to my cousin \"Jane \" and her husband, \"John\"s\"(not real names), place in Hartford.  I drove up from southern Connecticut and would plan on being there each year during that time for about 10 days each time being in the middle of November.  They owned and lived on about 60 acres of prime deer hunting land.  95% of their land was pristine Maine hardwoods.  John was an avid outdoorsman, a hard working guy and very protective of his family and property. It was a Saturday night and since there was no hunting allowed on Sunday, John and I stayed up late watching TV and chatting as we had many things in common.  It was a cold clear night  (about 20 deg F) and I suggested that we sit out the back deck and enjoy some star gazing (it was around midnight).  We were on the deck over looking a field that he cleared out some years prior that extended out about 300 feet to a 2 foot tall rock wall.  Just at that point and beyond it was an all hardwood tree line extending left to right for quite a distance.  There were no homes,buildings, roads or streetlights or any source of lighting back there in the woods.  There were few close by neighbors and none of those properties were anywhere close to the area I described. I knew the lay of the land very well and it was pitch dark. We were facing in a northerly direction.  It was a moonless night as well. As we were talking for a while, I noticed a \"glow\" of light illuminating the bottom of the trees at the above mentioned tree line extending up to the upper branches.  It was not real bright, not dim but somewhere in the middle but it was there.  The glow was white , the best I can describe, was like the headlights of the newer cars these days.  There was no noise, no movement and the glow stayed at the same intensity and did not move either.  It covered a wide swath, left to right.  In a scary movie, one would expect to see the dark outline of some creature leaving the woods with the \"glow\" as a backdrop!  Anyway after a few minutes of seeing this, I said :\"John do you see what I see?\"  \"See what?\" \"That glow in the woods\" \"What glow?\" \"oh yeah...wanna go out an take a look?\"  \"Ahhh no John thanks\"  \"Oh come on lets go out there and look.... are ya chicken?\"  \"Yes I am\"  \"Oh well, I guess your not that interested then\" That was that!   We stayed on the deck for at least another hour, John was just chatting away like nothing was wrong and I, well, kept one eye on the glow!  The glow was still there when we went inside about 2am.  The next morning I scoured that area behind the tree line for several hours and found no trace of anything unusual.  There was no trail back there and no real access by any type of vehicle.  I never again saw the glow on my return trips, nor did I ever see it before. Upon my return trips after the event I would ask John about what we saw that night.  His answer was always the same \"hey, you didn't want to out and look that night so..........\" And he would just change the subject.  I never did get his take on what we both saw that night. John was not a practical joker.  In fact during that event he was recovering from an auto accident and had limited mobility-it took all he had to go hunting with me that year so setting up an elaborate ruse to scare the begeezus out of me is of out of the question.  But for a guy who had the safety of his family and the privacy of his land at the top of his important list..that glow we saw caused him no alarm. It's a mystery to me just what was going on out there!  John knew SOMETHING and even my cousin Jane was closed mouth about it as well.  John passed in 2011, never saying anything about what we saw unless I brought it up and his answer,again, was always the same as mentioned above.  I have asked Jane many times about the strange glow in the woods that night after Johns passing and well, she would just kind of ignore the question and move the conversation in a different direction.  So for me, the 64 dollar question is has anyone ever seen anything like this?  It was not the Northern Lights as I have seen that up in Maine before.  What I saw was from the ground up.  It was not anything that was the result of human activity that I could explain. Just a little about me personally:  I'm now 57 years old.  I'm a high school graduate and work for the local power company as a transmission/substation supervisor.  I have been with the Company for 36 years.  I was, for 10 years, a seasonal Lake Patrol Officer with a local lake authority/ State DEP Law Enforcement.  I am an active Ham radio operator and a history buff and I love to read.  In my younger days, I was into astronomy.  I have NO rational explaination for what I saw that night.  I have an open mind when it comes to UFO's or other events that can't be easily explained away."
"fast zigzaging light  over or around a normal plane clear night over Liverpool NY My daughter and I were swimming after midnight in our pool and as I floated on my back, at first I saw a regular airplane which was very high up and as I was watching it... what appeared to be 2 smaller white lights just showed up around it but I couldn't tell if they came from it or if they were way high above it or what since they were going so quickly. I called to my daughter and pointed up (not taking my eyes off of this) saying, \"I wonder if the plane sees it! Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing... what do you see?\"  She looked up and said, \"Yes, it's a light doing figure eights zipping around real fast.\"  She says it was 1 light but I thought it was 2 because it looked that way to me since the light was zipping so fast.  My sight is much poorer than hers, so I only put 1 as the number of craft seen. The airplane flew normally and the light stayed as it was when I first saw it, making zig zag patterns in what seemed like a small span of space until it just disappeared. This is the first time either of us ever saw anything \"weird\" like this.  It's my estimate that the whole thing lasted about 10 seconds. Thanks for the chance to report it."
"Mystery Light over Woodbridge,CT 06/28/08 I heard a sound and looked out our front door.  In the sky, almost above the tree line to our west-south-west was a brillian stationary light.  It reminded me of the large lights that illuminate the fields for night time stadium games.   There was no sound at all.   It also reminded me of the type of light a helicopter might have to illuminate the ground in a search. (but, no sound)   I turned for a second and it was gone.    Since then, I have looked through the trees in that direction and see no evidence of a light tower of any sort.   We went for a ride today to see the zone where it could have come from.  Nothing.   I searched Google Earth and maps.live, half expecting to find a communication tower with a security light.  Nothing.  It is a mystery.  The area from which it came is in the vicinity of new high voltage power lines."
"Approx.3/15/92 an object  with lights was hovering at tree level ,silent and no downdraft, over my car, as I parked to observe it. I was driving to work on approximately 3/15/92 in the evening, when I thought I saw a private plane about to crash, it was a row of seven lights at tree level going at a slow speed.  This was a small valley; I was driving on one side and the object was on the opposite side.   I rounded a corner to find that the object was now directly in front of me, over the road, and not moving.  I drove up to it and parked under it.  When I rolled down my window to get a good look I realized that their was total silence and no downdraft.   I watched it for several minutes then continued on to work ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Red light moving rapidly across the sky in all directions at immense speed. Sighted at plane height over Omaha, Nebraska.  We watched from a hill and initially spotted it as a small, stationary, red ball of light.  It would occasionally switch to a blinking green light and then back to red.  After looking at it for some time, it rapidly moved to the left, stopped, and it changed to a blinking green light. It then ascended in the blink of an eye (literally).  As soon as you blinked, the light was an immense distance higher than it had been a second previously.   We could see it ascending through the clouds so quickly that it could've climbed out of our sight in probably two seconds.  It then turned back to a static red light (stopped flashing) and darted to the right across the entire sky.  It was moving so quickly that we had to sprint to keep up with it.  It covered the whole horizon.   It then paused on a dime, shifted slightly to the left, and began a fast descent until it disappeared from sight into storm clouds.  Only one light was observed.  It was so high in the sky, and so erratically moving, that we could not place it as any normal object.  We have never seen a normal object move so quickly and at such a high height.   It was also quite far away, so for it to look as though it was moving so quickly, it must have been going at an unfathomably rapid speed."
"Smudge-shaped object that moved across sky and dispersed into hundreds of different colored lights all following a movement pattern. I was heading south on US-27 a few traffic lights before the orange factory in Haines City.  It was roughly around 19:00 so the sky was pretty dark.  I was stopped at a stop light and noticed what looked like a red smudge in the sky, almost like if you were to dip your thumb in maroon-colored paint, stick it on a piece of paper, and pull downwards about an inch.  I noticed this smudge directly above my steering wheel, almost near the top of my windshield.  I thought that was odd so I stared at it for the duration of my time stopped at the light.   I called my wife, who was in the car behind me, and asked if she saw it too.  She verified that she did see it and said that she would call me back because she was on the other line. The light finally turned green, and as I continued driving southbound, this red smudge had a blue light slowly manifest itself directly behind the smudge, close enough that it looked as if the light and the smudge were touching.  After this blue light fully manifested, the smudge started moving west in the sky with the blue light getting brighter and brighter behind it and eventually forming two white lights with one both above and below the centered blue light.  This happened over a period of 10-15 seconds.   When the smudge stopped, it ended almost directly centered on the windshield in front of the passenger seat.  As this smudge stopped, the smudge started to change color and shape.  The smudge started turning from the smudge into a white, straight line perfectly vertical in the sky \u2013 the lights were still behind it, just not as bright as when it was moving.  After a few seconds, I watched this now straight line turn into an oval shape that was similar in shape to what you see planets orbit lines look like in books and online.   When this oval shape was fully formed, I watched it disperse into HUNDREDS of different colored lights.  The weird thing was that these lights, mostly red, green, white, and blue, followed that same oval path that they dispersed from.  Over the next couple minutes, I watched these lights start to spiral, similar to how tornadoes are shaped \u2013 thick at the top, but starts to taper towards the bottom \u2013 all spinning and eventually falling below the tree line.   As I continued watching, the thick top mass of lights did, in fact, start to get closer and closer to the top of the tree line.  I watched this event until it completely disappeared behind the tree line on the west side of US-27 just near W. Polk Ave. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Three orange lights moving across the sky over Harwich, MA Three orange circular lights, separated by one minute each, in the sky moving from SE to NW and then each made a 90 degree turn to the NE and continued moving until out of sight.  No sound from them. The winds were calm and there were scattered to broken clouds at 1300'."
"UFO with bright red light on the right and bright green light zooming from point to point and then hovering. On 08/21/2013 at approximately 10:00 pm my husband and I were sitting on our upstairs porch which is screened.  We looked up  to the sky and saw what looked to be an object that consisted of a bright red light on the right and a  bright green light on the left.  When we first sighted it, the object seem to be flying toward us but turned and zoomed off in another direction.  When the object first appeared, it seemed to be no more than 250-300 yards and a height that was not more than 50-100 foot above the tree line.  The object was definately being manuvered or driven by someone or something.  It darted and zoomed to a spot and then would stop and just hover.  I have never seen aircraft that would typically fly like this one.  It could raise itself straight up or down make turns easily and zoom to the next location.  When we last saw it, my husband said that it looked like it had slowly gone straight down behind a group of trees.  I did get a picture of it and were able to enhance it so you can clearly see  what we were seeing with the naked eye."
"08/29/2012 Kitchener Ontario Light 1-Minute Very Bright High Altitude Light then 'Disappearing'. At 11:55 i stepped outside to grab some air. As i looked toward the South/East i spotted a very bright light. The light was travelling South, and appeared to be very high in altitude. I had no other aircraft to compare with for distance and speed.  As it travelled it began to 'Dim', knowing that a Jet uses a spotlight on occasion,and travelling Toward Me would usually explain this, it doesn't explain how it could be that bright While Flying Away from Me. It eventually faded into nothing.  I've checked some Satellite Trackers, and there were none slated for a 'Fly-By' at the time posted. Also 'No Sound' to be heard.  Thank-You."
"Mysterious red light moving across the Los Angeles sky! small red light moving across the sky.  First we thought maybe a helicopter but there were no other lights and it seemed to be too high in the sky for a helicopter.  It continued to move slowly then stopped suddenly for about 5 min or so then it just looked like it fell out of the sky... maybe into the ocean but it fell out of our sight.   We dont know what to make of this. There were about 15 other people who were speachless and we don't know how to explain our feeling of the unknown.  I know there had to be other people besides our group who saw this because we live in Los Angeles!  I have not seen anything on the news or anyting on the internet to help explain this light in the sky. WE have never done anything like this and Im not CRAZY...We just need an explination of whatever this was!"
"Bright silver color teardrop shape.  The point was at  front there was no sound coming from it.  but I was under it and felt as if I was being pushed down hard to the ground.  It made the fillings in my teeth feel hot, it slowly turned around and took off with no sound.  It was smooth bright shine and no sound.  I felt as I could not move a step.  No fear no pain my eyes go red that's all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Craft with 4 Red Straight Lined Flashing Lights Starting at 9:31pm.  Let the dog out into the back yard from our deck, and saw a red blinking light to the northeast, traveling from southeast due north.  The light was probably 1-1.5 of a miles away and approximately 300 feet in elevation.  As the Coeur d\u2019 Alene airport is another mile north I figured it was a plane headed for the airport, although I\u2019ve never seen a plane or helicopter approach from that direction. No white or green navigation lights were visible.  Then one red flashing light then went to two flashing red lights, then three, then four, all in a straight line, not one under the craft, one on the rotor tail and one on nose, but all four lined up.  The flashing sequence changed from one blinking to two, then four, then three, then one, then all four at once.  At an arm\u2019s length, the lights were half the size of my thumb at approximately 1-1.5 miles away. I called my dad out on the deck and pointed it out.  He was amazed.  The craft made no noise and was moving slowly.  If it were a helicopter we would have heard it.  Unless it was a silent helicopter without any normal navigation lights on, but then 4 RED lights in a straight row?  I immediately thought someone had a new toy drone and were flying it maybe from Lake City High School. I\u2019m an amateur astronomer and have several pairs of high powered binoculars.  I quickly set up my tripod and 25/100 binoculars, that\u2019s how slowly the craft was moving, that I could do this.  I got a good view of the lights but couldn\u2019t make out a shape of the craft. As the craft was headed over our horizon, rooftops, I grabbed my smaller binoculars and jumped into my vehicle and headed north on Atlas Rd., which runs into the south/west runway of the Coeur d\u2019 Alene Airport.  By the time I reached the airport, having the craft in site the entire way, 5 minutes, the craft was now across the airport at HWY 53 or so and now made a slow but quick hard left turn toward Spokane/Hauser, west.  I watched it for maybe 2 minutes at this position.  It was too lit up with street lights at this position to use the video on my phone. Returning to my vehicle I proceeded west on Prairie Ave. until McGuire Rd. turned north/right and saw the craft approaching the small mountain just south of Hauser lake, having kept it in sight the entire distance.  Now, looking at a map, the craft went over the hill just south of Hauser Lake.  A train stopped me at Hwy.  53.  That was the end of the viewing.  It was now 10:01pm. I don\u2019t think this was a drone, as the distance I drove and returned was 36 miles.  No toy drones have this capability for this distance or duration.  The size of the craft, based on spacing of the lights, also makes me rule out a retail drone."
"For the past few weeks I have observed a star in the sky that appeared to be changing colors. I took pictures and got amazing results.  On this particular night as I was watching it, it literally exploded into color, creating a beautiful rainbow effect.  Within a few seconds a fountain like falling star lit up the sky, which I was able to catch on my camera.  I have numerous photo's of this (what I thought was a star) changing shape, changing orbit and changing color.   would love to know what it is.  Meteor or Comet? ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius.  PD))"
"I have seen several ufo's the most awsome one i seen was in 1997 hovering above rt 10 and I-65 going west. It was orange and bright very fast i was going 60 mph to catch up to it everyone out that night had to of seen it.  The others i see quite frequently ive seen nine at a time but they are extremely high in the sky i show my oldest son them and we watch them as if they are playing in the sky they are bright white kinda like a star they move in odd formations very acute angles.living in the country is a big plus due to visibility in sky due to artificial lights.  My parents seen two triangular ones playing one night they had three lights on them one at each point as the crafts got closer to land they disappeared fast as lightning. Ive also encountered a strange beast in 2000 with my friend.."
"Two white lights converge on location, seem to be connected by invisible object, was elongated for a few short seconds, then dissapears Walking to the store i thought i heard a helicopter, the sound disapated approximetly 10 seconds later, I look up into the sky to see two white lights, they appeared to be coneccted together, the first was flying extremely fast it then came to a sudden stop, the second 1 soon followed.   It was as if it was a single ship coming out of what appeared to be somekind of warpdrive?  the space between the two objects seemed as if it was emitting somekind of invisiblity cloak.   The lights soon converged into one location in the sky then almost instantly flew away."
"I saw a pure white, shiny, circular object over my house 2 days Ago i saw a shiny white flying object at 7:51 and a couple seconds later i looked over and there was another one flying at the same speed and in the exact same direction about 2 miles away. The next day i saw the same thing at the exact same time.  Now today i looked at the clock and it was 7:51 and i ran outside to see if they were there and sure enough it was the same exact thing.  It looks like an Oval that is formed by 2 circles. About 1 Minute Later i saw another one of the Unrecognized aircraft being followed by what seemed to be an F16 and i stayed outside and i about 6 more F16's and 1 More Unrecognized aircraft and a Helicopter all of the aircraft were flying in the same direction. Could you please Give me some insight as to what this is?"
"White multi-sided shape leaves trail over Mt. Hood wilderness, appears to be falling. I was taking pictures of the sunset.  When I downloaded the pictures was when I saw the object.  I took many pictures in succession and it was not in the others.  The object was reflecting the setting sun.  Seemed to have a main body with appendages.  It appeared to be falling as it left a trail of some kind.  There was one and it was white because of the reflection of the sun.  I feel much of it was shaded.  Some say it looks like and airplane but because the trail it left and the direction it was going that would have been very unusual.  I have been a skywatcher all my life as my Dad was a pilot and was always teaching me how to identify aircraft from the ground.  I have a college education and am married with two adult kids and a grandchild."
"Stingray like glide ghost. On 1/13/2012 just about an hour ago from this post my mother and I saw a weird stingray but big, cloudy blueish object glide past her windshield of the vehicle.  My son and his friend were in backseat but dis not see anything.   I thought I was seeing things because I knew it was no bird, plastic bag or anything.  Temperture right now is 6 degrees no bird wld be flyimg in this. It came from the elementry schools direction NW and flew across with fluid ease & gone.   I said,  \"What was that?\"  My mother said, \"You saw it too, it looked like a stingray ghost!\"    We were in a residential area around the corner from the house so I IMMEDIATELY began to google and found this sight & hope to get answers.   Whatever it was seemed perfectfully harmless & seemed to fly across at the perfect moment to be seen.  I hope to find more people who have seen this."
"MADAR Node 152"
"Lights with 'projectiles' west of Chillicothe, Ohio. At around 10:30 yesterday evening I observed odd lights low in the sky west of Chillicothe Ohio.  I first noticed a slowly flashing while light, dimmer than the surrounding stars.  The flash was at a much slower pace than a typical aircraft warning light, perhaps three seconds between flashes.  After a few minutes, two more of these slow flashers appeared.  The sky was clear, so it shouldn't be assumed that they arrived under cloud cover. They began to move south at a slow rate of speed.  Suddenly, the top-most light emitted a bright red 'projectile' of some sort that sped out in front of it, growing dimmer as it went until is seemed to extinguish.  The other two light began to emit these projectiles, one every 20 seconds or so. After roughly 15 minutes, the lights simply went out, not far from where the event began.  I waited for another 15 minutes, but the lights did not return.  I've witnessed similar lights on two occasions in the past two weeks.  The events last no longer than 15 minutes and I've yet to see the lights entering or exiting the area where the lights are firing the red projectiles. Could someone contact Wright Patterson AFB to see if this might be a training exercise?  I couldn't find a number for them that would allow me to speak to someone who could clarify.  The red lights traveled in a straight path out from the lights, so it didn't seem like any flares that I've seen before."
"Orange and pink glowing object following a South West Airlines jet in Dallas, Tx. On August 01st, 2008, at approximately 8:45 P.M. I saw a Southwest Jet passing over the area where I work. I could read the name on the tail and I recognized the Southwest colors and Logo.  I was outside, I do security at night outdoors.  I looked up and heading from where I was standing, North-East toward Love Field Airport I saw a Southwest Airlines jet passing over head. It was about to land I think at Love field as far as I could tell according to the direction it was traveling.  I noticed a light pink and orange object with no sound other than the noise made by the jet and I noticed this slightly glowing craft teardrop in shape or acorn and about the size of a small bus or van  off the jet's right wing about two hundred yards over and about one and hundred fifty yards to the right moving slightly behind  traveling at the same speed the jet was traveling as though it was pacing the jet. I would guess they were about 7 to 8 Hundred feet up and both very visible from where I was standing. It was just starting to get dark.  I watched until both craft went out of my view. This lasted about 45 seconds."
"UFO at Culver City Drive-in 1965 Also posted here:  http://www.ufoinfo.com/sightings/usa/650800b.shtml   Culver City, California A Huge Disk With Lights Around The Edge  Date: Around August 1965 Time: Evening  HBCC UFO Research  Note: I spoke to the lady on the telephone who filed this report of the object seen over the drive in theatre in Culver City, California.  She related an amazing detailed account of what was witnessed, not only by herself, but others saw the unusual object as well. Message:  Some time around August 1965 I was at a drive in theatre in Culver City, California.  At intermission time a huge disk with lights around the edge suddenly appeared to hover above the screen.  It was fairly low, but high enough that we had to bend our heads down to see it through our front windshield.  My husband and were pointing and wondering when I looked around and saw others in cars nearby also looking and pointing.  It stayed there for about 2 minutes and then banked off for about 2 or 3 seconds before just disappearing. I've always wondered about it and tell the story once in a while. I recently told it to my 8 year old grandson. When he asked me what it was doing there, I said, \"Good question, I've always wondered that.\"  Then I added that I thought it might have beamed something into my stomach, as I was about 6 months pregnant at the time, and after his mother was born her skin \"buzzed.\"   I am a retired school teacher.  I decided to do a search for sightings in Culver City around this date to see if anyone else saw this and wrote about it.  I found nothing but did find several stories about drive-in theatres.  Thought I'd tell you.  Have you ever heard of buzzing skin? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"A white light appeared and then disappeared after fading to the left, 5 seconds, no navigation lights, 45 degrees above the horizon. Not too spectacular of a sighting, but strange to me none-the-less...  I was looking west from just south of Palomar Airport in Carlsbad, California. It was just after 7:30pm. The weather was crystal clear. It was so clear tonight that I could see more stars than I\u2019m normally able to. There was a lot of air traffic tonight as well, but something else caught my eye.  About 45 degrees above the horizon, a dim white light appeared. It was only as bright as a star, but it wasn\u2019t there before. It seemed to be as bright as the brightest star in the sky. It seemed to turn left. The light dimmed as it appeared to turn and simply vanished. There was no flashing light. There were no red and green navigation lights.  I moved quickly to a darker spot, away from parking lot lights, and kept my eye on the same spot in the sky, looking over in the direction it seemed to be going, and there was nothing there. I stood and waited for a while, looking for any flashing light, no matter how dim. I have good night vision, had been outside for a while, and 20/20 vision to boot. Nothing appeared. I could see other planes in the sky. Even planes further away could clearly be seen with much brighter lights and the tell-tale flashing navigation lights I\u2019m used to seeing working by an airport all the time. This light was not over or near the airport, however. I believe it was very high up in the atmosphere and possibly off the coast.  In fact, I believe what I observed was a \u201cIridium satellite flare.\u201d It would be my first time seeing one, if that\u2019s what it was. I thought there would be more of a flash\u2026 This simply appeared and faded out after a few seconds. It was subtle, but it caught my eye."
"Strange, unexplainable  blue and red flahing lights with weird force around them. Over 20 seen. On January 18, 2012 at around 18:00 I saw what I believed to be a UFO. Not necessarily \"aliens\" or even a space craft, but I definitely saw allot of objects in the sky at the multiple times sometimes alone, and other times with more than one.  First my friend sitting nest to me outside in a car had seen a strange \"shooting star\" in remained in the sky visible for about 10 seconds.  I tried to look, but my vision was blocked by trees.  about 10 minutes later A set of flashing blue and red lights appeared. They were strange but I assumed it was a normal airplane and paid it no attention. This passed by and then about 3 minutes later another \"plane\" appears in the same general area. This time I paid more attention to the detail of the \"plane.\" I could not tell exactly what the flashing lights were. There was no plane shape near, I could also see a strange Ora or force around the flashing lights as it gradually and steadily moved forward from the lower left middle ! of the horizon at about a 45 degree angle up and across horizontally  towards the  upper right. at first I thought this was a trick of the eye, but as I continued to look, I could clearly see a surrounding area of the sky that was moving with the light, and had a very very slight difference in appearance than the rest of the sky. It was almost like a perfect camouflage with the night sky, it only could be detected with keen attention being paid to a seemingly average airplane in the sky. I observed about 20-30, maybe even 40 objects in the sky within the next 2 hours. I saw multiple shapes. Some were very small and had a similar shape to a blimp, except more rounded and less ovular. I saw large roundish saucer shapes. I saw one that has abrupt square edges. All of there are the shapes of the outer \"force\" or Ora around the flashing light. These obects were following each other in the sky. One would be far away and appear as a single light in the lower left distance. A mediu! m sized flashing light would we moving horizontally across fro! m left t o right at about the middle of my line of vision. This medium one was clearly made up of more than one blue and red flashing light. The third flying thing would be towards the upper right on the horizon. you could see the outlining force around it once it reached this point. Also I heard a low humming noise, similar to the sound of a car in neutral except more quiet and muffled. This appearance of one after the other lasted for about 30 minutes. I probably had seen about 20 objects during that time. After 2 hours of watching, I went inside. I peeked out the window several times and have spotted flashing lights at least once every time. Also, A friend from the far end of the neighborhood confirmed the sighting of three bright white lights in triangular form. Another friend in a further neighborhood confirmed the sighting of multiple objects in the sky at once. Several of the objects seen were clearly visible aircrafts but many others with not. I attempted to mkae video footag! e, but my cell phone camera's quality was too poor to capture the lights in the dark."
"Bright light that pulsed from orange to red, before fading away and \"disappearing\" into the darkness. I took my 2 year old son outside to look at the stars, at approx. 21:35 (9:35pm).  He is a total night-owl, and I was trying to him to calm down so he would go to sleep.  The sky was very (VERY) clear, with virtually zero visible fog or moisture in the air, and the moon wasn't directly visible, and there was not a whole lot of \"light pollution\" from the ground. We looked around for a few minutes, when a flying object of some sort appeared from behind an oak tree.  It produced a relatively bright orange light, brighter than any star, but not by a whole lot. It was bright enough that it produced a clear halo.  The light was pulsing from orange to red at a steady rate, approx. 60-80 pulses per minute. (I am a musician so I am pretty good at determinating pulse/rate.)  It appeared to be at a fairly low altitude, I would say less than 2000 ft. possibly less than 1000ft. The object continued pulsing as it travelled, maintaining a straight line. I watched the object closely as it approached our location, for 10-15 seconds, and when it was just about directly over our heads, it began to \"disappear\" into the darkness.  Again, I was watching it VERY closely, and it looked like it was passing behind clouds or fog, but there was clearly no fog or clouds in the sky.  It disappeared compeletely for about 2 seconds, but then I was able to make it out faintly for about 2-3 seconds. I swear it looked just like when you see a plane pass behind a remnant of a cloud or thick fog.  Then it desappeared completely and never re-appeared. I scanned the whole area for 3-4 more minutes, hoping it would re-emerge, but it didn't. I turned to my son and said \"Whoa dude, you just saw your first UFO!\"   The object did not necessarily look like a solid object that was producing light.  I couldn't make out a solid mass, just a bright pulsing light. I wonder if it could have been an earth produced, gaseous ball of fire, but it was such a slow and steady pulse, which seemed to be deliberate, or mechanized.  The object also did not necessarily appear to be under \"intelligent control.\"  It very well could have been a manmade aircraft, maybe some new technology perhaps?   NOTE: I live about 15 miles from a Lockheed-Martin Facility which is very remotely located at the end a winding two lane road road, in the densely wooded Redwood forest, which is also very close to the coastline.  I am pretty certain that they are doing research/development and testing of experimental aircraft and/or propulsion systems at this particular site."
"Diamond shaped UFO with red lights I was out with my friend in this neighborhood on the lake stargazing.  There is a bridge (high up, stretches over the lake) that we were on where you can see almost everything. My friend points at the sky at these hovering bright red lights. There was no flashing that we could see at this point.  It moved one way, then it would stop, then slowly keep moving. It gets closer and we continue to watch it.  There ended up being 4 lights, in a diamond shape.  One of these lights inconsistently blinked white.  The object continued to move across the sky in across very odd way, speeding up and slowing down, moving around sporadically, and definitely not traveling in a direct flight path like an airplane would. It was not a helicopter.  It was not a drone.  It was not at at very high altitude and there was absolutely NO sound.  We continued to watch it fly and then suddenly rapidly (EXTREMELY fast) fly down and our view was obstructed by a house.  We got in the car and drove towards where we last saw it, but it was no where to be seen."
"Multi-colored flashing UFO and White bright UFO. We saw a round light which looked like police lights flashing above Patterson Mountain.  It moved very quickly left and right, up and down, and in circles but stayed mainly in the same place.  Then another bright white light appeared on the multi-colored's right side and slowly traveled to the right,  then disappeared.  Multi-colored one moved down and to the right after approx. 45 min.  Then it went behind the mountain from our view."
"Looked as if something was traveling across the sky on fire bright orange flame-like and moved in a jagged motion continued across the sky in southwest angle.  Never changed until it was behind the cloud and we could no longer see it."
"An object with bright green, red, and blue lights hovering in the south east sky. Doesn't seem to be moving with any speed.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Huge rectangular craft My husband and I were in an alley near second street and Tuscarawas ave around 2:40am.  Something told me to look up and when I did I seen a huge rectangular shaped object over top of the buildings.  It was not only silent, but seemed to suck all the noise out of the air.  There were lights all the way around it.  It was color shifting with the surrounding buildings and street lights.  It couldn't be more than 50 foot above the buildings because it blocked the sky it was so big.  I told my husband, look, look look, but he didn't move.  I watched it smoothly continue towards van street until I couldn't see it anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Strange light(s) in sky with interesting trajectory vanishes into nothingness. I was outside, smoking a cigarette on my balcony when I realized the sky had cleared up from its cloudy & rainy state, earlier today.  I could see some stars, so I moved forward on the balcony to get a better view.  There are a lot of trees on my property. Immediately, a strange looking star caught my eye.  It seemed to move around like a bug-- going side to side and up & down, all while moving diagonally upward-- but was shining brilliantly.  I noticed there was a hint of a warm color in it, but could not determine which one.  Red?   Yellowish?  Thinking it might be a satellite, I kept my eyes fixed and saw that it was not just one light, though one was brighter than the rest, there was a line of lights, like matinee lights, lighting from front to back in succession. I felt quite dizzy from the sight, as I have never seen anything of the sort before... & let's just say I am a skeptic on the idea of alien UFOs.  It continued to dart around, making me move about my upstairs deck to catch it through trees, until it was visible in a clearing, unobstructed.  I had doubted what I had seen until this moment, when I felt sickeningly certain of the bizarre lights and even more bizarre movements.  Suddenly, it stopped. I thought my eyes were strained because it became more and more difficult to see.  The light became a pinpoint in the sky, hardly visible, and then disappeared completely. I waited around a little, then went back inside to look up sightings, though I believe it was probably too soon.  After a moments searching,  I decided to go back out for another look.  I stood where I had been on the balcony when the lights vanished, and looked around, examining each star I could see in the area.  I feel very hesitant to describe my next experience, as I could just be hyper sensitive due to the mind-blowing phenomena, but I sensed something out of the corner of my eye, very close to me that made me panic, briefly.  I was in the front corner of the balcony, second story, and to that corner of my eye there should have only been air-- it was beyond the railing.  Strangely, I ignored it and my panic, still scrutinizing the patch of night sky, and then I became overly aware of the \"thing\" next to me.  Turning my head quickly, all I saw was a strange wisp of silver-ish smoke/vapor, but only faintly. It scared me half to death and I ran inside, after which I fo! und this website, knowing that I could probably never tell this story without people's skepticism. I do wish I could know what I just saw, it was incredible and unbelievable."
"4/22/09 Point of light in sky that made 90 degree turn I saw something extremely weird on 4/22/09 between the > hour of 9:10-9:15 P.M., I know 9:15 is the end time because I looked > at my watch right after. I was standing on my back deck looking up at > the stars (which I usually do whenever I go out to smoke after dark) > and noticed what I first thought was a satellite. I see them on > occasion as I'm looking up at the sky. As I'm watching it, it went > from the dim glow of what satellites look like to a very bright point > of light that kept moving, at which point I started thinking maybe > it's space junk re-entering the atmosphere... even though it was > moving slower than any shooting star I've ever seen. It then dimmed > again to what a satellite looks like, but I noticed at this point that > it wasn't moving in exactly a straight line like a satellite would... > I don't know how to explain the movement, generally forward, other > than to say it almost looked like it was vibrating very tightly within > a somewhat forward motion. It then turned into a very bright point of > light again (still moving), dimmed, became bright again and did a 90 > degree turn before dimming and moving behind some clouds. At this > point I started backing toward the sliding door to the living room to > call my 5 almost 6yr old son to come see it... I figured it was a once > in a lifetime opportunity, and I wanted to have someone to back up my > sighting... even if he is only about 6 years old. By the time I got > him out, which was maybe 5-6 seconds after I lost sight of it's last > position, a huge cloud had formed right over the area. I kept looking > at the edges of the cloud at the parts of the sky I could see, but it > never came out of the cloud bank, that I know of. It was originally > moving from S to N and drifting slightly Eastward, when it made the > right angle turn it was moving E. > I know it wasn't a plane as it didn't have any of the other lights a > plane would have, and the brightening/dimming wasn't regular time > wise. The brightness is something hard to describe... when it got > bright it kind of looked like a star but without some of the colors > you might get from the light interacting with the atmosphere. The best > way I can describe it was that it looked like a fluid like point of > light. It definitely looked like it was outside the atmosphere around > the level of where satellites travel, which is why I at first thought > that's what it was. I also noticed that it seemed to increase in size > very slightly whenever the brightness increased. > > I have NEVER seenanything like this before, and since I spend a fair > amount of time looking at the sky whenever I'm outside at night I know > what planes, shooting stars, satellites, helicopters, blimps, para > sailors, planets,etc. look like, because I've seen them all in the > night sky before. I also know it wasn't a high flying jet, or the > international space station because those things don't make right > angle turns. > > I'm really still kind of in shock from what I saw..."
"First noticed two stationary T shaped objects with vertical lighted up be had purple and one had white lights.  As I began to examine the sky, I noticed more moving gluiding almost as if remote controlled.  Very angle andistamce I looked there were more and more. Some at greater depths and so which seemed closer.  A few were flying in almost identical patterns and the 2 stationary ones never moved not even an inch.  As I looked in different directions and noticed them everywhere I felt as if there was some kind of invasion.  I called 2 different people with 10 miles and they didn\u2019t see anything.  Also took photo of stationary one but it just turns up at a glowing dot almost looks like a star, so the picture doesn\u2019t do it justice.  About an hour later in went outside to notice the sky went from a clear night to a Bob Ross like like painting with clouds.  I know could not notice the original 2 T like objects due to the thickness of the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Google Earth, (6) oval objects in Field. Objects Spotted in Google Earth. Location: 45\u00b0 43' 48.50\"N 87\u00b0 16' 15.65\"W Michigan, Delta County, Near: Bark River. (6) oval shaped objects in a field.  Objects are in formation.  Objects look out of place.  They could be something natural in the field.  The resolution in Google Earth makes it hard to tell what they are."
"Bluish white light over Folsom LA. We were traveling North on Hwy 25 and a bluish white light crossed from East to West across the highway.  Its movements were somewhat sporadic but intelligent.  It did not blink.  We could not find a source for the light on the ground."
"Walking along the trail near pleasant hill middle school everything seems normal.  Till a brief silence i look around then feel a warm breeze in one direction on a cold night i notice a low humming noise..  I look up and notice the sky is completely dark i start freaking out and start heading back home..  I notice stars in the distance..  While directly above me is pitch black.  Then i feel and hear a large pulse..several lights come on in a triangle shape then disapear..  I notice the humming noise again this time.  It seems the nights sky is moving a dark large object was hovering above the night sky in the direction i was going.. I notice what i thought to be stars above me but they suddenly start pulsing on and off..  That is when i knew what i witnessed..  It kept moving past me.. i felt a warm pressure of air pushing down on me.  The rear appeared to have lights..as it kept moving i realized it was a form of propulsion as the object disappeared before my eyes in the sky..  I couldnt believe what i saw..  When i returned home 4 hours have elapsed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Eventually, the truth will reveal itself My son and his friends a couple nights ago saw several weird objects in the sky in a circular formation! He quickly called me to see it and I noticed all blinking red lights changed shape and form a straight line and fly off in the same direction at the same speed...blinking only red!! 2 then went the opposite direction, then head down at an angle, 1 straightened out and flew back in the original direction while 1 mysteriously disappeared.   Now, I know what I was seeing, my son knows what he was witnessing..  I wonder NASA, can you explain what you saw on your radars??"
"Nuerous black parachute-like objects, very fast-moving, split off in different directions, then one triangular-shaped flat object. We were driving home on the Interstate 5 southbound when we saw strange objects in the sky.  There were about three dark objects on the right and about 5-7 objects on the left of the freeway.  They did not have any lights.  The first 1 or 2 we saw we thought  were clouds, but then realized there were many more & they appeared to be descending and moving at the same time.   In looking closer they appeared to look like parachutes. Soon after that, however, we realized that assumption was impossible.  First of all, the objects were traveling at an impossibly fast speed.  Even though we were driving on the freeway, they continued to pull further and further away from us.   Another reason that these objects could not have been parachutes was because they never came close to the ground.  Eventually, it seemed that some split off the the right of the freeway towards our house, and some went to the left of the freeway toward the Van Nuys area.   After we got off the freeway, we started to go up the hill that we live on, and I continued to look for any sign of the objects.  That was when I saw an extremely large hovering, triangular shaped, flat craft above the mountain.  Again, it had no lights, but this time, it was motionless.   When I got home, I looked outside, but at that point, the object was either gone or out of sight."
"N. Truro/Provincetown sighting 7-5-12 just before midnight 7-5-12 just before midnight On this date and time my wife and I (both are 58 yrs. old and in good health) were on route 6A in N. Truro MA.,  walking to our car in the direction of Provincetown, MA..  Directly up 6A there arose a round orange object that at first looked like a fireball, but with twinkling around the edges.  When the first one rose and then stopped in the air, we thought it was a firework that was about to explode into color.  Instead it stayed there for a few seconds and another one came up behind it.  We still thought it was 2 fireworks (although we had never seen fireworks like that).  The 2 held still for several seconds and then 5 more came up as a group.  When they did the 2 in the lead began to move, flying higher but in our direction.  The 5 followed and once they were overhead (although much higher now), they one by one rose quickly out of sight."
"Bright Amber Disk - Travels Across The Desert Sky Thursday night at approximately 7:46 PM, I spotted a brilliant amber light in the North/ Western sky. I was sitting, facing East and the California side of the horizon from my home in Arizona.  I am very, very familiar with the flight patterns from L.A. to Phoenix and back.  Those travel East to West and visa versa and only shift latterly North and South depending on weather and other circumstances.  I'll say that I see A LOT of interesting things in the sky and often around here.  This one was absolutely amazing.  Once I realized it was not a plane, I thought it could be the space shuttle.  That had landed the day before so that was out.  I then reasoned that it was the Mir.  I ran and grabbed my binoculars to confirm. Not so much.  I've seen the Mir 3 times in the last 5 years - Once with my naked eye at about the same time at night, once through my 12\" dobby telescope and one other time just after dusk with my naked eye.  This was not the Mir to the best of my know! ledge.  It glowed more brightly than any star in the sky.  It was a distinct orange \"glow\" which looks similar to reflected light from the Shuttle and Mir but through my binoculars, the light was steady, unwavering and stayed the same luminosity across the entire night sky.  It travelled at approximately 1400 mph.  I am basing that on what I have watched hundreds of times, commercial airliners traveling at anywhere from 600 to 700 mph.  I could not tell altitude beyond about 30,000 feet.  Through the binoculars, I could not make out any formation of wings, additional lights/strobes or physical features.  To me, it looked exactly like a brightly glowing disk since the light was not round.  It was very slightly oval.  There was no atmospheric disruption that I could see.  There was no propulsion or exhaust that I could see - Just a very bright and very steady moving object traveling from North to South in the clean night sky.  The moon was visible but only a quarter-moon washed out the stars."
"\"Flying Saucer\" surrounded by 8 planes   On Jan. 21, 2010, I was in the parking lot at my local community centre.  At about 6:05 p.m I\u2019m looking up at the sky.  What I see in the sky is an extremely bright orb with 8+ airplanes surrounding it, and flying at it.  As each airplane approached this object, it faded into a haze.  Before I went swimming I experienced a terrible headache and fatigue.  That night I experienced missing time, and I was temporarily paralyzed in bed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Hovering and then fast moving object, Scottsdale, AZ. Hovering bright red light in southwest sky then extremely fast moving south to north.  Moving in a very straight, smooth line north.  Oval shape with tail that had a green light.   This happened south of Camelback and Hayden Roads and moved very fast north.  Color may have been light blue or gray."
"low flying, dark,  large car sized triangle with rectangle dim lights It was just about dark when I was on my back porch hanging out clothes. I was looking up as if viewing the 3 story apartment house's roof to the NW of me.  Right over my head flew a dark triangle just over my back porch and the roof of the 3 story apartment building.  It was a short view due to the size of the building NW (next lot)of me and not quite fully dark yet.  A more detailed map with drawing will be submitted as an update when I can.  It came into my view as it passed over my head look toward and above the 3 story apartment building NV of me. It was a dark, triangle craft, about the size of an old caddilac car.  There were dim, rectangle shaped lights from the point to the back, but not across the back.  Stranger yet was that there was one more light on the left size than the right side, like one light was out. It was about a 4/5 second sighting. I won't forget it.  I screamed for my roommate to come see, then passed him on my way back through the house to get outside to try and see past the bigger building. A street light, made further viewing impossible, past the larger building. It was moving along 15/20 mph basically paralelling I-5 from North Mt Shasta, towards, if it kept along that flight line, to the NW of Black Butte, to the town of Weed, Ca.  I would think that cars on I-5 may have been able to see it. I didn't think until later that I should have called Weed PD to look for it coming.  There was no noise, no engine seen, and it was too slow and quiet to be any sort of military or regular small plane I've ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Disk shaped object sighted during Kentucky ice storm. I spotted a craft during the recent ice storm we had.  I was out on the porch watching all the trees fall down because of the ice.  I had just finished my cig and was waiting for the tree across the street to fall and noticed this object floating across the sky.  It was in between some trees, but I watched it for about 30 seconds before it went behind the trees.  I ran in to get my boyfriend to come see it but it never came back into view.  It was silver and disked shaped.  When it was moving it kind of wobbled back and forth and you could only tell it was a saucer when it wobbled.  It wasn't moving very fast but it was nothing I have ever seen before.  I really think it had something to do with the ice storm as it was a state of emergency. ((NUFORC Note:  We have responded to the witness, requesting a date for the sighting.  PD))"
"Observer compared it to a hovering apartment building from a large city, over the Lake Laromie channel. Monday, February 19, 2007 9pm to 11pm Luthman Rd. Fort Laromie, Oh 45845  This Report was given, third person among family members within a 24 hr. period. While driving home on County Rd. 78 ( Luthman Rd.) in Shelby county, said person stopped along the road near a state park area to use Blue Out House to relieve himself. While using the facilities he had left his car door open with the radio playing loudly on a local fm station.  Upon exiting the Blue Out House he noticed his radio went to complete static. As he attempted to take the few large steps thru the knee high snow, he for whatever reason looked out the channel and upward to see a what appeared to be a high rise building like structure hovering above him the surrounding area. This area being, LehmKuhl Landing according to the Google map Of which I centered on the intersection of St. Rte. 119 and Luthman Rd. after doing a Google map search for Fort Loramie, OH 45845.  The object seemed to be a kind of Black which seemed to mimic the stars around it in order to blend in. The surfaces where hard to distinguish enough to discern a exact shape, nevetheless best guesses lean towards upright rectangular shaped. The distance between observer, the object, and the lake below was extremely hard to Observe therefore the altitude of the UFO was not possible to calculate. Guesses lean towards the Huge object to be approx. 1000ft in the air while the top of the object must have been approx. 30 to 60 floors high as described by the observer while comparing it to a hovering apartment building from a large city.  While the observer was stunned and had been standing, staring in amazement for approx. 30 seconds the silence of the entire area including the object was noticed. There was no sounds except for the car and the staticy radio. The object ubruptly shot off towards space with no sound and at speeds uncomprehendable to the observer. The object traveled thru a cloud in the sky which left a hole that quickly refilled in the cloud. It would also be noticably important to mention that there were considerable windy conditions during this event.  The following night while typing this out the weather conditions where described as winds having calmed causing freezing fog to plague the dark area."
"I have seen videos of these but never thought I would see it myself. Wave of 6 lights seemed to be at low altitude but not low enough to see a shape or the light emitted concealed the shape.  There was now sound that we could hear and they seemed to be traveling at a cruising speed and were different sizes.  The largest being the red one with kind of a haze to it.   The next largest seemed to be red, orange, and yellow but flickering kinda like it was on fire but not.  The second wave came in about 2 minutes after the first with 4 objects in the wave 2 of which seemed like duplicates of the red and the fire ball type in the first wave all seemed to be going in same direction from where I was standing North to South.   The other objects seemed just like a white light but it didn't look like normal white light one did have a tint of green."
"Very bright orange colored light NNW of MD, USA I was driving to my home in MD, there was a very bright light located NNW of where I am, is the first time I see a light like this, is very bright, at first I thought it was an airplane coming towards my location but a few seconds later I saw an actual airplane coming from the same direction but it looked smaller and not as bright as that light(I have a wide knowledge of airplanes),I thought it could be a star but looks a little too orange and I took a look at other big stars and none looks so big, I tried to take a picture but is very difficult to see the shape, and the light is still there, since it\u2019s not moving I really don\u2019t know what it can be, but the color, brightness and speed of it make it different to any other thing I have seen in the sky. I was trying to find if there\u2019s any planets that can be seen now, or a satellite; I found out the ISS is located south of the US at this moment, almost opposite of where this light is now. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus.  PD))"
"UFO-PC-FL Oct.25-2015-5:00-6:00-AM.  I-craft=3-Glowing-spheres. 24140.2 Meters long  low sonic sound. Under 2,000 FT. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the three objects are the three planets, currently visible in the eastern sky.  PD))"
"My niece, and I saw 5 bright orange lights moving fast across the sky.  I say fast,  because they were moving faster than an aircraft would.  (I live by an airport, so I see aircraft often)  I grabbed binoculars to see if it was planes.  It was not.  Lasted about 5-7 minutes.  At doesr they looked like stars.  My niece noticed they were moving! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"1 of 3 UFOs followed my car after we watched them hovering for a few hours. During the summer of 1974, two of my cousins came to my home upset and frightened, saying their car had just been \"buzzed\" by a large object with bright lights. They were afraid to drive the rest of the way home alone, so I followed them in my car. When we reached their home and looked to the east, we saw three objects hovering above a field behind our grandmother's home.  They were in a triangle formation, with two on top and one on the bottom. We sat on my cousin's porch and watched them for a few hours. During that time, every so often they would swap positions, reversing the triangle. They had mainly white lights, but those changed periodically to orange.  When I left, one of them broke away and stayed parallel to my car the entire length of the road (about a mile). I turned right, and it did the same. It remained beside me, just above the trees, until I met a car a half a mile later. Then it did a 180-degree turn and followed that car.  My cousins said the other two left in the same direction I drove a few minutes after my departure. We never saw them again, but there were other reported sightings in our area that summer. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"A bright white flash with blue hues resulting in power outage in area."
"Two very oddly shaped UFOs in London night sky, hovering, circling then flying away. So this happened to my friend and I some time between 2003-2007, I don't remember exactly.  We were young and in school at the time (and no--it is not Photoshopped.)  I was round his house, it was the suburbs of Northwest Greater London.  At night, these two UFO things appear in the sky and all the neighbours come outside to have a look.  Two of these bright, oddly shaped things just hovering very still in the sky.  Then all of a sudden they start moving in circles before eventually shooting off out of view very quickly. It was removed from online media and newspapers very quickly and I even heard that the local houses were visited by authorities discouraging people from discussing it online etc. Although I can't vouch for that last part as I wasn't there. I don't know how to convince you this is genuine, I guess you'll just have to decide for yourself. I just want to know what you think is in the picture.  Have you seen anything like this before? I have avoided uploading this picture before because I was afraid it would be explained away and rationalised, taking away the fun and mystery.  But I want to know the truth, as I'm sure most of you do. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I was standing on the shore looking out towards the water when I saw a blue sphere coming toward the shore . It was at about a 45 degree angle and out around 5 miles or so.  Then it stopped. At this point it was still quite a ways out. Then it moved upward at lightning speed, then stopped. Then it came down at the same speed to its original position. Then it moved downward,paused, then moved back to the same spot. Then  it moved to the left. then back to same spot. Then it moved right. then back to same spot. then it slowly moved away from the shore going back where it came from until I couldn't see it any more.  This is the first time I have ever publicly disclosed this sighting. I knew then  as I know now, It wasn't from this earth. I was 19 yrs old when that happened. I am now 54. I will never forget that night. I even rubbed my eyes in dis-belief a wew times, but it was real. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"MYSTERIOUS LIGHT over southern portion of MINGUS MT Can anyone explain the red & green light that appears to be above the southern portion of Mingus MT, probably between Cottonwood and Camp Verde AZ?   I have seen this on many numerous occasions.  It is probably nightly.  It seems to stay in one spot but moves so slowly you can not detect movement.  It is not from a tower due to the movement.  It appears to be too bright to be a star, so low to the horizon and also there are no stars in the vicinity minutes before it appears.  It is always around the same time but a few months ago it was a couple of hours later.  It cant be car lights because it is actually above the rim of the mountain.  I have never seen it come in.  One minute its not there and the next it is there.  It seems to move very very slowly and then the mountain is in the way of my view."
"MADAR Node 141"
"Orange triangle shaped objects seen over neighborhood At 21:20 PM Eastern standard time two sailboat shaped objects, each with bright, slightly-pulsing orange lights, moved slowly over the neighborhood, coming from the southwest direction towards the north east.  The event took place over the course of ten minutes, and was witnessed by at least four people.  This neighborhood is in the flight path of an airport with a UPS hub where jets fly every two minutes during nightime hours; no planes have gone over for about fifteen minutes."
"Possible UFO fleet? Wentzville, MO, from Quail Ridge Park at the SW corner of Hwy 70 and 40.   At approximately 5:30Pm CST, I was watching a couple of Hot Air balloons sink into a field and then rise up over the tree line traveling with the Wind from East to West.   As the second balloon traveled over my head I noticed a bright white \"dot\" in the background in a Southeasterly direction.  The white \"dot\" was high in the sky and appeared to be reflecting the sun.  I immediately assumed it may be another balloon. Upon further focus of my eyes against the clear blue sky absent of any clouds, I began to notice about 10-20 more white \"dots.\"  They did appear to be stars, so I stared at them to see if they were moving.  Some appeared to be close to one another, they were in no specific pattern just sort of scattered.  I believe I perceived some of them getting really close to each other and then moving back apart.  They all were relatively stationary, not moving in any one direction but sort of holding their position. I was at a dog park, my and some other dogs where barking at the hot air balloon, so I kept having to look away.  When I looked back up, each time, there were less and less until I could no longer see any of them.   As I left the park I could see no stars or white \"dots\" anywhere. 30 mins later, in St. Peters I observed 2 what I assume were military jets judging from the contrails flying in a SE to W direction."
"Triangle with three large, dim, amber lights flew rapidly overhead and rotated once. In 1995 I was returning from a wake with two friends. I was in the back seat. When we dropped off the front passenger at her house I got out to get in the front seat. I waved goodbye as she entered her house and noticed three dim amber lights, close together in a straight, horizontal line. I was facing south at the time from the curb. The lights were far away to the south above the horizon.  The area is frequented by aircraft as it is only 20-25 miles from JFK and Laguardia airports. The approach of airplanes is usually east-west. When I was a kid the Concorde was a frequent sight and sound.  This was different. First it was flying from south to north, heading in a direction overhead. The lights were dim, amber and didn't blink. So I watched as it approached rapidly. As the lights got closer I could see the formation wasn't a line but a triangle with one light in the lead. The lights were also round and not pin points. The diameter of each light being roughly 1/4 the length of one edge of the formation. As it flew more overhead, and it being a clear starry night, I could see it was moving quickly. I didn't notice any sound. It looked as though it was very high up.  I called to my friend in the car and said he should see this. I heard him say something like \"see what?\". While keeping my eyes on the lights I walked around the back of the car and glanced down at my friend with is head sticking out the car window, quickly looked back up. The lights were still there except they were now almost directly over our heads. I pointed up at them but he still said he couldn't see them. At this point the silence, speed and odd lighting really had my attention.  If it ended here I could have dismissed it as an airplane, or whatever and not have given it another thought.  As I watched it fly rapidly, relative to the stars in the background, almost directly overhead, it rotated. Rotated quickly so the two previously trailing lights were now leading. That sent chills through my spine. No airplane does that. I started yelling to my friend something like \"holy #%#%#, look at it!\", his head still looking out the window, in an awkward way, facing up. I glanced down and slapped him on the forehead to get him to look in the right spot. When I looked back up I could not find the lights again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Three people witnessed a bright red light over sea staying as still as a star, moving slowly, stopping, and vanishing. At approximately 22:00 on August 12, 2018, I observed a UFO with my brother and mother.  It was seen from a second story deck about 400 feet from the ocean.  The light appeared in the direction of the ocean; it was a bright red light.   I shifted my body from side to side to try and estimate the distance of the light from me.  I was able to tell, based on a beachside restaurant that the light was above, that the light was with 100% certainty out over sea.  It was not moving at all, remaining completely still, initially leading us to believe it was a star or planet that was having a strange effect from the atmosphere/light of the boardwalk (again, the light was a very, very vivid red, like a traffic light).   After about one minute of observing it staying completely still, it began to move South, or to the right from our perspective looking out at the ocean. It moved very smoothly; fluidly.  My brother proclaimed that it was just a helicopter, but I dismissed that because there was very clearly not a blinking light of any kind, and we did not hear propellers.  It smoothly came to a stop again after about 10 seconds of southward travel.  At this time, I suggested that it could be a drone.  Even though it was clearly out at sea by a significant distance, we accepted that this was a likely scenario.  Shortly after we reached this conclusion, however, the light went out. As if someone flipped a switch, it was gone.  I did not think a drone would do this, and a helicopter *absolutely* would not. I cannot completely rule out that it was a drone, but I must reiterate that it was a fair distance out at sea, as the three of us had concluded based on moving from side to side and seeing that the light not move while buildings right on the beach did."
"Six 4 foot diamter orbs observed for 15 minutes by 2 witnesses It was about 21:30 and we were on a camping trip.  I was sitting in my chair looking at the lake that was 20 yards from me.   Suddenly, I caught sight of an egg shaped object coming at a very fast rate of speed through a grove of pine trees and towards the lake from my left/the south.  It was zigzagging between the trees about 20\u2019 off of the ground.  It was luminous white in color and at least 4\u2019 in diameter.     It came to an abrupt stop at about 10\u2019 above the surface of the lake and only about 30 yards from where I was sitting.  It hovered there for about 3 minutes,  I called my son-in-law and it sped away from the same direction from whence it had come with the same zigzag movements between the trees.   He pulled up a chair beside mine and we began to discuss what I\u2019d witnessed.  Then from the same direction off to my left/south; five objects identical in appearance to the first that I\u2019d seen, came zigzagging through the pines, one after the other.  They came to a halt and hovered in a horizontal line about 40 yards from us at a height about 20\u2019 above the surface of the lake.   We sat there watching them for at least 10 minutes.  They stayed in the same formation the entire time and then abruptly departed back toward the pines, but this time in a climbing mode above the pines.  We watched them until they disappeared out of sight."
"Light moving and changing like i have never seen before.. and I look a lot.. We both noticed a light moving across the sky, its was moving just under the Orion Stars, moving very slowly but moving..   Then the light increased in size, the light got brighter, to the point of astonishment.  Maybe 10% of the moon size, it was big like that for just a second then became smaller again and started moving away what seemed like through the Orion constellation and moved at crazy speed till it vanish into the infinite distance."
"Illuminated triangle makes strange movements in the sky My friends and I were returning home from dinner when I noticed there was a strange green illuminated object in the sky, travelling too slow to be a meteor and too erratically and quickly to be a plane.  I called my girlfriends attention and we watched as it traveled indecisively throughout the sky.  It was a triangle, I'd say about 5,000 ft. up there but this is a pure guess, and lacked wings or any distinct characteristics of a plane or helicopter.  It had no flashing lights but illuminated greens and blues for a while before it changed and included reds. It danced around the sky, with no direction, going fast at some points and slow with others.  The strangest of the movement was when it changed direction; there seemed to be no lag time for it to swhich- it was one fluid motion that went against the laws of physics.  We watched for about a minute before it disappeared behind buildings. Whether it landed on the ground or into the sky I do not know, but it was o! ver water while we witnessed the event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red fire balls in sky I was watching fireworks and Observed four orange/red fireballs moving steadily across the sky from northeast to the west and southwest. T hey had high altitude and eventually disappeared into nothing. Definitely not fireworks. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"an orange/amber light flying across sky My friend and her 2 children ages 13,10 were first to see a brilliant orange light in the sky.  I witnessed it about 5 seconds later as it flew over my house and proceeded on a course north.  There was no sound. It was not a plane or helicopter."
"Three hovering separately lit objects  east of Marysville Washington Round multi colored flashes of light eminating from these 2, possibly three objects.  They are due east of us, in the north Marysville area.  They are approx. 30-35 degrees above the horizon. one is directly east of us, one a bit north, and one further south.  They do not move at all after 30 minutes of observation, but they all give the same display.  No other stars look even close to the light patterns being given off by these."
"Four or five solid red lights slanted almost as a plane on its side following one single orange light/orb. PLEASE READ ALL. THIS IS NOT A HOAX!!!   Okay so today is October 4, 2012. Roughly around 8:30 pm tonight my friend and I were driving home. I was in the driver\u2019s seat, and my friend in the passengers.  He notified me of an object that looked like a plane about to land off in the distance and I looked up and saw what he was talking about.  As we got further down the road, going straight toward the object, I noticed what I thought at the time was a satellite in front of the plane.  The satellite looking object was a little above the plane object and looked orange. As we got closer I slowed down almost to a stop. It looked as if the plane was flipped on its side and could see a metal/light color filling in between the lights that were following behind the orange light.  We got almost right under the object so I turned the music completely off to see if I could hear anything.  Didn\u2019t hear a thing!!  The objects were flying as low as military cargo planes and I couldn\u2019t hear a single thing!!  The orangish light was a slight bit higher and out in front of the other object. They never got farther apart, higher or lower or anything.  These objects traveled what looked like together, never moving any different from each other, and at the same exact speed.  The other object that my friend and I thought was a plane at first was a lot different as it got closer. It started out looking like a normal low flying plane, than when it was close we noticed the lights were upright.  The lights on the plane object were all red, there were about four or five t! ops and they were not flashing, pulsing, or anything.  It almost looked as if it was a plane flipped on its side, kind of strait up and down but a little slanted. After we stopped the car I looked around the sky and spotted planes flying and as soon as I saw one, counted it out because it was nowhere near what we had just witnessed.  We saw this UFO looking object for about 30 or so seconds.  I completely ruled out a satellite, blimp, plane, anything. We saw the object for a good half minute or so and were close enough to it that if it had been a plane or blimp we would have easily heard it.  It was so strange because the objects never moved away from each other, they were moving all as one. In conclusion, one orange glowing light/orb in front and a slight bit higher, with four or five red solid lights cockeyed trailing somewhat close behind it across the sky.  Sorry that this is so long and specific but I have never seen anything like this in my entire life and neither has my friend.  We both spent all night trying to think of excuses and have no idea.  While I was looking at this object I got chills going up and down my neck and back  I was so freaked out and still am. I even grabbed a pen afterward and wrote down before and after what the objects looked like on a napkin in the car. PLEASE if anyone important who can cover what I saw or thinks they know what I saw let me know because I\u2019m at a loss for words.  THIS IS NOT A HOAX.  I am a normal nineteen year old boy, I go to college, have played sports, no health problems, don\u2019t do drugs or drink, have tons of friends, don\u2019t believe in conspiracy theories, etc.  I can email a drawn picture of what the object looked like even. Ever since I saw what I did I cannot stop thinking about it.  In a way I hope I see whatever I did again sometime, I\u2019ll be looking up at the sky every night from now on.  Thank you for reading."
"Bright wht light, like a camera flash, every 2 sec on driver side of truck for 20 min, into field, returned, to back of truck, faded be Just outside of Jackpot, Nevada, 2:15 a.m., so dark, heading north on highway 93 toward Twin Falls, Idaho. An extremely bright white light followed the drivers side of my truck for almost 20 minutes.  Every 2 seconds the light would flash on, like a camera flash, then off again, then 2 seconds later flash again. Like a strobe light.  When I sped up, it sped up - to 70 mph.  When I slowed it slowed.  It went off into the adjacent field and then came back again and continued to follow.  Eventually it was right behind the truck canopy and followed for several minutes before it faded into the distance behind me and I could no longer see it."
"5 bright silver objects assuming the points of a 5 pointed star.  10-15% from directly overhead.  All 5 were clearly discernible, at arms length they covered the area of thumbnail.  Objects completely stationary & hovering.  I was about 7 years old, outside, playing in backyard.  As I looked up, I spied the shiny objects & observed them for a few minutes.  The sky was clear blue, hot weather.  They didn't move.  I became thirsty & went inside to get my mom to see them, but they were gone when I sent back outside.  44 years is a long time to vividly recall that event as though it were yesterday.  I seek the truth. Glynnco Naval Air Station was located a few miles away, but has since been decommissioned, & converted into a shopping mall. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Two lights merged into one and then faded out We were driving towards home on Dayton Rd. In Madison.  Off to the West, appeared to be close to the Madison/Painesville line,  I saw two lights, at first glance, thought they were stars but then noticed they just looked a bit different and too large.  Within seconds the lights slowly moved towards each other, then merged into one and then faded out completely.  Did not see them again.  The light was not bright like that of a plane, it was more ambient.   Hard to describe, but definitely was odd. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was amazed that these objects did not move and it was too high, and silent, to be helicopters On Saturday, 7-12-08 my wife an I observed two amber yellow round objects in the south west sky in north central Arkansas.  It was almost exactly 10:00 PM CDT. Although they were in the same proximity, they were not real close to one another.  They were very high in the sky I would guess 15-20 thousand feet and made no noise.  They did not move but seemed to hover for five minutes when I went to get my wife.  We watched them for roughly two more minutes until the lights faded due to cloud cover. For a period of seven minutes, these objects did not move. There was severe weather in the area."
"two crafts triangle shaped no sound bright orange lights I was going outside to bring in my dog when i witnessed 2 triangle shaped objects over our pastor.The crafts were hovering over some pinetrees.and were standing still no sounds at all.after about one or two minutes it took off unlike any aircraft i have ever witnessed.they made no sound the ligth underneath the crafts was bright orange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"01/07/07  abt. 6:30am. Honey Grove, Tx. Circle  2 min. A circle of light just above the horizon/ stationary then moved east. My husband and I had just woken up, and I looked out the window.  I saw a light and thought \"I don't remember a security light there.\"   because that is kind of what it looked like, without the pole.  We live in the country, so any unusual light would be noticed quckly.  It was stationary.  I asked my husband, \"What is that?\"   He looked out, but didn't know either, but suggested that it might be a hellicoptor with bright lights.   Maybe it was, I don't know, but it didn't look like that to me.   And when it moved away the light was the same during the whole event.  In other words, if it had been a light on a aircraft I would have thought you could see the lights direction change, this didn't at all. I had reached over to put on my glasses to see it better when I looked back it continued to hover in the same spot, but then it began its move to the east.   I was facing North, and thought for a moment 'wow, that star is really bright', but then thats when it began to move, so it definately wasn't a star. It's probably nothing, but it did look odd."
"Two of us witnessed a horizontal pulsating red light moving south at low altitude and low speed and then disappeared. At app 7:35 PM in Mar Vista (west LA) Los Angeles I and subsequently my girl friend witnessed a strange horizontal shaped red flare heading in a southerly direction in the low sky, moving very slowly - in relationship to the speed of an aircraft. There was no audible sound. If it was an aircraft at this altitude and this proximity we surely would have heard its engine noise. The red flare was not completely solid, it appeared to fluctuate in structure, like the waves that are created from heat. - a pulsation. It suddenly disappeared without a trace. We are both professionals in our 40's."
"Twinkled like a star while it was still dark.  Only it didn't stop when the sun came up.  It has been gradually getting farther away in the southeastern sky."
"Came out of business into parking lot - walking to my pickup.  Looked past it and over a motel to the west, (maybe beyond - it over ocean) was a dark diamond shaped object in sky - with lighted surface facing land - a symetrical pattern of red and blue lights - I watched for a minute or several, then Realized there were others much higher in sky to the north (near a dozen) - same shape, same lights, in random scattered pattern in sky - all of similar size/distance from me.  All remained stationary the few minutes I watched them thought of taking a photo, wish I had, but also remember having a concern that if I took a photo, it (whatever it was) might not take kindly to a photo being taken.  It remained stationary as did the others high up.  I got in upickup and drove south, again at Siletz River, another/same shape and lights arrangement over lower Siletz River, lights facing west this time, and again, about same number of others like it higher up in sky and tho! se again, seemed more parallel to ground (less angled east or west)  - wrote up soon after and sent to this site, but received reply to fill out online form - and haven\u2019t til now. I also did a drawing to illustrate."
"AT NIGHT, APPROXIMATELY 20-25 OVAL SHAPED ORANGE OBJECTS FLEW ACROSS THE SKY SLOWLY, STOPPED FOR ABOUT 1 MINUTE, BEFORE FLYING SOUTH AND AWAY OUT OF SIGHT. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Chevron-shaped flying boomerang with dim running lights on the bottom. The other evening, Friday September 18, 2015, we were in our backyard with friends, in Sherman Oaks, CA.  My friend was looking at the evening sky.  She is an interior designer.  She is quite visual and I am a painter and a teacher.   She said, what is that?  I looked up and we saw a chevron shaped flying something.  It looked like a boomerang with running lights along the bottom.  There may have been four or five lights on each arm of the thing.  The lights were extremely dim, bluish in color, but difficult to describe almost like eyeballs not really lights..   It was completely silent.  The only sound was us screaming at each other.  It was something real.  Maybe a military flying thing, but why would they be flying in Sherman Oaks, unless they were landing in Van Nuys?  Maybe a drone, but it looked like nothing either of us had ever seen before.  It was hard to tell how large it was.  I thought it was larger and higher than my friend.  But it had to have been quite high to pass over the tall trees.  My husband also saw it out of the corner of his eye. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"orange/amber orb. NO sound. NO other lights. moving horizontally from south to north 200 ft above ground September 3, 2012  Sitting on my back patio tonight.  Neighbors had been shooting fireworks in celebration of Labor Day holiday.  Time was 9:50pm.  Orange/amber orb appeared from nowhere approximately 200 ft. vertical above my backyard.  I live in a very populated neighborhood; however, lots of farmland surrounding area.  I first thought this was some sort of remnant from a firework and it appeared to be \u201con fire\u201d.  It was moving very, very slowly from the southeast sky toward the northern sky.  It literally stopped overhead and hovered for approximately 1 minute and then continued on this northern direction, remaining perfectly horizontal to the ground at the same altitude it first approached.  As I watched it glide across the sky, totally without sound, I kept trying to process what this could be.  I even thought someone must have an awesome remote control toy, until it disappeared in the distance.  During its flight, it would get brighter, then dimmer but was absolutely NOT an airplane or h! elicopter and no other lights or colors----just the steady glowing orange/amber color.  I can only seem to describe it as what the sun against the night sky would look like, only much smaller form.  As I was trying to explain this, another one appeared in the exact location as the first and mimicked the flight pattern exactly as the first, just as the first was almost out of sight range.  I am not panicked about this\u2026.just extremely curious.  Another side note, temperatures outside 80 degrees and zero wind.  I am a very sane person\u2026\u2026.this was VERY odd."
"Object appeared to be yellow colored run away balloon The object seen was visible from the New Jersey side of the Delaware Bay, and could be observed facing west. From Cape May, N/J/ the object appeared to be far out over the, Delaware Bay, at first seemed to have a bird like movement, as it moved in a north west direction.  Upon closer observation, 10x binoculars, the object seemed to take on the characteristics of a yellow colored blimp, partially deflated and out of control, moving at an undertimed rate of speed. From ground observation, it seemed rather slow as it remained visible for a length of time."
"Strange Beams of Light over New Orleans. My daughter texted me a photo of a beam of light she saw over the New Orleans skyline around 10:00 PM this evening, January 27, 2018. She described the beam as the kind of fire-orange.  It emerged from the clouds and remained for about 15-20 minutes.  During that time, a second beam also appeared nearby.  Then they just disappeared.  Another friend also saw this and posted about it on social media.  I've included his photo as well."
"I was driving Down the Road And i saw this Orange- yellowish Glowing Light.  I almost crashed my car looking at so i pulled over and just watched it for awhile and it was dancing in the sky lasted for about 6 mins then it went out of my view.. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that this may be a hoax.  Source of report provides inaccurate contact information.  PD))"
"Diamond shaped craft hovers above power lines I was traveling on Hwy 287 close to exit for Mansfield Highway when I saw a large black diamond object in the sky.  It didn't look anything like a plane.  So I kept driving trying to find a spot where I could take a picture with my cell's camera -- that's all that I had.  The object stayed in the exact same place for periods of time but sometimes it rotated and you could only see a thin line.  I thought I must be crazy so when a woman walked by (I had pulled over to take the picture) -- I asked her if she saw it too.  She said --- \"must be a plane\" --- so I asked why it didn't move --- she said she didn't know and walked on -- she obviously was not as fascinated as I was --- I drive a little further and see the object is hovering over power lines and near the Arlington, TX water tower.  I called my husband and parents about the event.  I drove home but didn't return because I had a number of chores to complete before my husband and baby got home.  It was not a plane or helicopter --- very weird.  First time in 31 years that I have ever seen anything like it."
"small bright light - low in the North over Kamloops - showing red, blue, green & amber lights - teardrop shaped when using binoculars. My husband & I first saw this bright light on Friday evening, Sept.1 '06 - from our deck. At first we thought that it was an airplane ( because of the flashing colored lights) but it did not seem to move. We watched it for over an hour & it only seemed to move slightly - if at all. Then we thought it must be a star. Do stars have different colored flashing & moving lights? Could it be a star whose light was affected in some way by some haze or smoke in our atmosphere? Other stars nearby looked normal. When looked at through binoculars, this light seemed to change shape slightly ( to become triangular at the top - joined to a \"half oval\" at the bottom ) & the red lights were along the oval portion at the bottom - while the amber lights were in the centre & the blue /green lights seemed to be more on the left side. The next evening, we found it was still there in the sky. Could it have been \"The Bell Blimp\"? Who knows?"
"Circular floating metalic ball over Oceanside, CA. Noticed a metallic looking object floating in the sky, heading east from west, clear blue sky, little bit of wind, maybe 1000 feet high guesstimate, maybe 10 feet wide guesstimate.  No sound or fumes.  It could be a Mylar Balloon floating but not sure, and don't think so, so took a couple of pics.  Object drifted behind the big tree, then never reappeared. Strange. My wife and I have also seen many lights in the night sky over the past month.  Some are a brilliant flash of light, size of a distant star.  Some flash 3 times and then disappear. This is all happening over southern California, near Marine base, Camp Pendelton, Oceanside."
"Loud Noise Along with UFO flashing lights aircraft Approximately 6:35 am Tuesday, March 11, 2014, I was in my room studying for a test while it was still dark out, with the sun just barely making the bottom of the horizon a lighter shade of blue.   Out of nowhere I heard an extremely loud humming noise coming from the sky unlike any noise I had heard before.  The noise was extremely loud and continuous and when I went outside I saw a dark aircraft with numerous blinking lights (many more than an airplane) flying over my house toward to Flatiron Mountains.   It was flying high enough that it eventually disappeared over the mountain, though it was pretty low to just go over the mountain top.  It came from the East and headed toward the West over the Flatiron Mountains.   I watched it pass over me for about a minute or so and the loud noise continued until it was no longer in sight and earshot. It was dark which made it hard to tell the shape but rather the many blinking lights on the craft were more distinguishable!   Eventually it disappeared over the mountains and the noise faded away along with the flashing lights."
"Saw extra bright thing in the air at 3:04 am that did very erratic movements with laser like lines and ended up in different position. I took my dog out and went back to bed.  Normal view from room shows planes ready to land with lights - the lights I saw were headlight size compared to normal views.  Almost a double headlight look and could not tell where it was going - I went to bed early and know what I saw.   The object was not clearly making a path to move forward or backwards - and then, an erratic movement pattern occurred - where the light moved in a weird pattern and then ended up in a different position - almost laser like movement rods.   Wanted to wake up my husband and daughter but thought it would be gone by then.  watched for a few more minutes and watched changes in location. and then it was gone..... could have been Ft. Dix-McGuire testing, or whatever - but what I witnessed was something I had never seen before and couldn't explain erratic and so fast movement.  Was not afraid.........."
"I remember being at a friend's house then running home after a hail storm.  An injured bird caught my attention and behind me I saw three white Diamond shape object coming straight down from the sky in a triangular point. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"BOOMERANG OBJECT TRAVELING NORTH TO SOUTH OVER ATTLEBORO MASS. AT 6:45PM I OBSERVED A BOOMERANG SHAPED CRAFT FLY DIRECTLY OVERHEAD AS I WAS STANDING ON MY THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT PORCH HAVING A CIGARETTE.THERE WERE THREE SOFT RED CIRCULAR LIGHTS EVENLY SPACED ON EACH WING WITH A PURPLE COLORED MIST OR HAZE COMING OFF OF BACKSIDE OF THESE LIGHTS. THE WHOLE CRAFT SEEMED TO BE A SLIGHT VIOLET COLOR,BUT I SUPPOSE IT COULD HAVE BEEN A REFLECTION OF ITS OWN LIGHT SOURCE.A COLD FRONT HAD JUST GONE BY AND SKY WAS BASICALLY CLEAR EXCEPT FOR A FEW FAST MOVING WHISPY CLOUDS.I WISH I KNEW THE HEIGHT OF THE CLOUDS BECAUSE THE OBJECT SEEMED JUST ABOVE THIS LEVEL. MY GUESS ON HEIGHT OF OBJECTS FLIGHT PATH WOULD BE 500FT. TO 1 MILE.IT TRAVELED IN A STRAIGHT LINE. AT FIRST I WAS LOOKING AT THE STARS TOWARDS THE NE. THEN TO THE NORTH I CAUGHT IN VIEW WHAT I THOUGHT WAS GOING TO BE A SEARCHLIGHT BUT IT CONTINUED IN A STRAIHT LINE TOWARDS ME,WHITISH LIGHT AT FIST UNTIL DIRECTLY OVERHEAD THEN COULD MAKE OUT DETAILS AND COLOR THEN BACK TO WHITISH AS IT CONTINUED BY TOWARDS GREEN AIRPORT IN RHODE ISLAND.IT WAS THE SIZE OF A NEW PENCIL HELD OUT AT ARMS LENGTH(PROBABLY DOES NOT HELP DETERMINING ITS SIZE THOUGH).NO SOUND CAME FROM IT,I WAS TRULY AMAZED AND IN AWE,IT WAS WHAT IT WAS AND I HAD NEVER  SEEN SUCH A SIGHT.EVER SINCE THEN I AM TRYING TO COME UP WITH WAYS THAT SUGGEST IT WAS SOMETHING ELSE BUT CAN NOT DO SO."
"Fleets of UFO's 8-15 over Oak Lawn My buddy had  came over to my house while my & my girlfriend were watching a movie & started to tell us about a UFO he just seen about a half hour before he came.  I believed him but my girlfriend didnt so i said lets go outside & try to catch some UFOs.   So we went outside on the porch of my house & talked about what he seen & about 10 mintues later a fleet of UFOs came over our heads goin south to north.   They were about 8-15 of them all in a line, & almost had a redish tint to them. We were so amazed!  Even my parents came out & saw it, so we all stood outside & just talked about what we had just seen & about 10-15 minutes later another fleet passes over our heads!  Now were shocked!  At least 10-15 of them all in a row same color going the same direction, I went inside to grab my binoculars (keep in mind i didnt have a camera or video recorder) & tryed to see w/ the binoculars. It was simply amazing we couldnt belive it, we stood there & watched them go by. 15! minutes later another fleet comes by! 10-15 same color going the same direction. Now we are in shock almost scared... We knew these were UFOs because @ one point one actually jumped from the left side of the row to the right side. Now my dad is actually calling the towns paper but it was late so he left a message on their voicemail describing what we seen about mysterious lights in the sky but in the morning we never got a call back.   This phenomena continued for about 30-40 minutes.  In total we had must of seen about 7 fleets (10-15) & none of us will never forget that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"shadowy light ending as sphere Saw a shadowy light in southeastern sky from welsh mt. area.  Moved very fast back and forth a couple times, I thought perhaps it was a spotlight, but there was no trail.  Appeared again several time going back and forth, in comparison to an airplane light in the sky it was much, much larger.  Informed my husband and it took about 5 minutes or so till he saw it, this time it traveled differently, beamed across the sky and left a sphere light before disappearing.  I still saw it several more times within that half hour or more."
"((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no detailed information about his sighting.  PD))"
"Very large craft with five large lights moving slowley over ridge line, with out any sound of engines. I'm really unsure what I saw.  I was looking to the south on the ridge line just before dark, I seen what appeared to be a large plane moving slowley to the east along the ridge line flying very low at a best guess I would say maybe 500 feet above ridge line.  It had five large lights spaced along the front of the craft. I thought at first it was a military craft, but I have never seen one like it.  It moved along the ridge line and appeared to be about a 2 football lenghts so somewhere around 500-600 yards long.  It was absoutley silent not sound of engines at all.   I called my wife and told her what I was seeing.  I watched it for about 3 minutes then the craft changed course and started heading due south.  I could no longer see any lights just the back mass of the object.  At this point I would guess it to be about 1 mile maybe a mile and a half away.   I ran to my truck and grabbed my binoculars darkness started to set in, I looked at the object through my binoc's and at this point could only make out lights like a amber or yellowish hugh and could no longer see the craft.  What made me feel that what I saw wasn't a plane was one no sound, and just at dark five fast moving jets raced across the sky from the direction of the my last spotting of ther craft.  I could easly tell that those were planes and I could see the strobing lights along the wings of the jets.   They moved from one side to the other side of the horizon in about 10 seconds and then everything was over. I can not beleive that something of that size and unusualness was not seen by other residents in the community.  The craft appeared at Nickle mountian and  moved along the ridge line due east.  This is an old nickle mine called Hand and Nickel.  Which is now owned by Green Diamond and is where I work and was able to see what ever it was I saw.  It is not possible for me to see a craft that close and not hear the sound of it, I have looked all over the internet for a craft similar to what I had saw but as of yet I haven't found one. I guess best description it was rectangular very long it hade five large lights evenly spaced alonf the front bottom of craft.  The aft of the craft was very unusual as the plane headed due south I could make out aft it was very large and its mass shape was not cylinder but rather more like  2 tear drop shapes. This is the first time I have ever seen anything that I could not explain away.  I have never really bought into the whole UFO sighting.  I am still unsure of what I saw and would hope that it be easy explained away.  I doubt it.  I feel I am a person of good intuition and intellagent enough to know the differance from a plane, Chinook, gunship, jet, or blimp.  It was none of these."
"I was lying in the grass Near the harbour today,  It was a sunny day with blue skies above then I noticed one large bright white ball hovering above the city in the direction of the south east of where I was lying,  The ball was not a light yet it was bright with a almost pearl like flat porcelain look,  Then after about 40 seconds I noticed a second one come up from behind it and started floating in single file to the West and moving upwards.   Then all of a sudden to my amazement I noticed three more of the same balls in a line from one edge of the sky to the other the first two balls joined with the three other ones and they all formed a line across the sky,  Then they all began to move together up and away towards the west four of the balls slowly disappeared after five minutes then one ball stayed behind and floated and stayed for another five minutes then moved slowly up and away into the blue sky and disappeared."
"Orange red and white light, no sound, very slow moving paused 2 times then vanished clear night no cloud cover appeared to be as high or higher than a commercial airliner at cruising altitude. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large rectangular craft seen north of Mannford, OK, 11/1997. To the best of my recollection, this occurred on Highway 51 East between Mannford and Lotsee, Oklahoma, in the Fall of 1987.  It was a weeknight.  The time was approximately 2AM-3AM.  The sky was clear, dry conditions.  I was not chemically altered in any way. I lived in Tulsa and worked for the school system, after graduating from Oklahoma State University in 1986.  I performed with a band, and we had frequent gigs in Stillwater at various establishments. Returning from Stillwater to Tulsa after a show, I drove along highway 51 and, perhaps 10 miles outside of Mannford,  I noticed a bright light in the sky, fairly low on the horizon.  I passed through Mannford on highway 51, and continued on the stretch of 51 that slopes in a gradual hill up towards the area before Sand Springs, which I believe is called Lotsee.  Highway 51, at this time, was one lane each way, with shoulders on either side.  There was mostly scrub oak and brush bordering the highway. Here, through the windshield of my car, I saw a large craft low in the sky. I pulled over and exited my vehicle.  There were approximately 8-12 other vehicles pulled over, and people were standing next to their cars and looking up at the craft, as I was.  It was dark, not lit, rectangular in shape, and perhaps the size of a football field.  It made no noise, and looked as though it was \"parked\" in the sky.  I estimate perhaps 100-200 feet about the roadway. I could see, for lack of a better description, superstructure on the underside of the object.  It was not smooth underneath. After a period of time, approximately 5-20 minutes, the craft began to move silently away in a southwesterly direction.  Multi-colored lights cycled around the exterior bottom of the ship. One revolution, then dark.  Another revolution, then dark, etc. I, and the other motorists, all watched as it passed beyond the tree line and out of sight.  At this point, I entered my car and drove off without speaking to the other witnesses (no one spoke while the event occurred either).  As I drove past, I noticed everyone was doing this. I recall being extremely tired on the remainder of the drive home.  I entered my apartment, woke my sleeping wife, told her I had seen a UFO, and fell quickly asleep.  The next morning, I shared the event details with her. I've rarely imparted the experience with anyone beyond family, but felt it was important to document this in a public forum."
"Yellowish circular object moving in same region of space for more than three hours. On the night of May 19, 2016, I observed what I thought was a satellite moving cross the sky until the object ceased moving in the approximate region of the stars Altair and Tarazed.  The object then began moving in a random zig-zag motion while staying in the same region of space.   I observed this for approximately 30 minutes before getting my camera to film and video tape the object.   Over the course of three hours I watched and took approximately 30 pictures and 10 minutes of video before clouds moved in and obscured my view.  The object is circular and orange in color.   When magnifying the image the object takes on the color spectrum ranging from orange, yellow, green, and purple."
"could we know so i seen something like a sphere that moved in away that beets time travel as we know it ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright while lights speeding low across the sky, then shooting vertically up. I was sat watching TV at about 1.15 am when My Husband came home from a late shift.  I got up to have a ciggy outside the back door and as I usually do when I go outside at night  I glanced up up to the sky. Just at that moment two bright white lights shot over our house, one just behind the other.  They were going at super fast speed, and I judged them to be quite low (About the same height as the local air ambulance helicopter flies over)  I can only compare the speed of them to war zone footage I have seen on TV of tracer bullets fired at night. they were that fast. It looked like one was tailing the other, and both seemed to be darting slightly from side to side as they travelled forwards. They got to a point just over the school behind our house and without slowing just shot up vertically and then vanished in the cloud. They were completely silent. No noise at all. Al this took maybe a matter of seconds. I was just stood there looking up with my mouth open. It really was a \"WHAT THE FU.....!\" moment. The hair on the back of my neck literally did stand on end!  I have never seen anything like it in real life. They looked just like those little things that fly around in the film \"Close Encounters\". In fact, that is what I thought as I was stood looking up at them. (I know that sounds like a bit of a clich\u00e9 but that is the best way to give you an idea of what they looked like.)   I have no bloody clue as to what it was.  I had no time to get my a camera and film them, and even if I did I think I would have been to preoccupied to think about grabbing it. (I would just like to add, even though I am quite interested in reported UFO sightings, I don't particularly go looking for them, and wasn't even sure if I believed in odd things flying around in our skies.  I have never witnessed anything like this before, and even though I am quite rational and like to find possible explanations for stuff like this, after seeing something for myself I have no idea at all what it was.)"
"Rolling thunder-like sounds and 2 floating  white lights in clear evening sky. Ajo, AZ  April 30:  Approximately 10PM  Camping in my Airstream, heard sounds like rolling thunder, checked weather map on computer for SW AZ, nothing sighted nearby.  Heard it again and went out to see two blinking white lights and roaring sound coming from opposite direction. The lights floated away seemingly randomly and then disappeared.  They were the colors of stars but were bigger and brighter.  I looked up any Air bases near AJO and there are none. I saw the lights twice about 15 minutes apart.  They did not move like aircraft, they were faster and appeared to float and bob."
"a round spinning object stood in the sky for a minute and took off going up at incredible speed. Driving on the 6th st entrance ramp of highway 280 south in san francisco, right over the bay a big round object spinning, it stood there for a minute and took off going up at a lighting speed."
"Orangish bright \"fireball\" low altitude flying through Nashville My event is almost identical to the one described in October 2012 in Burns, TN.    I was driving in southeast Nashville towards Brentwood when I noticed a bright orange light at low altitude traveling northeast from southwest.  I am an avid sky watcher and have seen satellites, military jets, \"northern lights,\" and know the difference between planets and stars, natural phenomenon, etc.   My first thought was a helicopter, though the light was different and did not throw a beam nor where there any navigational lights.  It was orange and rough in appearance, not like a sharp, well-defined light.  It looked the same color as a sodium-burning street light.   I pulled over to observe.  It traveled in a straight path.  It was not a windy evening.  It made no sound and being at low altitude ( I would estimate 500-1,000 ft.) made no sound.  Flight path was straight.  I'm not quick with the camera/phone like kids are but wanted to observe.  It was heading towar! ds the Smyrna/Mt. Juliet area and I thought it interesting a couple other similar reports earlier in the year.   I keep running over this in my head and can't figure out what it was and I'm the first to think there is a logical explanation.  The Russian Meteor happened within 12 hours of this event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"To the east very high in the sky objext tofar up to be a helicopter staying in one spot not a plain. Red orange amd white light going of in 3 points fashinf in different patterns almost like beams its amazing and oddly beautiful to far away for cell phone video or pictures thats a huge shame"
"Hull england  Lights 1-2 Mins cluster of lights (Around 10-15) I looked out my front window and saw what appeared to be a large formation of lights in the sky I watched for a couple of seconds then moved out of the house to the rear and watched the lights move quietly towards the docks area There were several (around 10-15 lights) clustered together the sky was clear with a few clouds and the objects moved away I live on a flight path and am use to seeing planes regualarly but this was different due to the ammount of lights and the shape they were in I could not say what they were but am sure they were not planes as they were far to close together and moving at a steady pace ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Two objects flying together, with strange lights We were at the Halloween horror theme park, Scream-a-geddon, waiting in line for the hayride.  I looked up into the trees, and saw two \u201cairplanes\u201d flying close to each other, side by side.  It was an odd way to be flying so close, so I took notice. I told my husband to look how close they were, and as he watched, they moved from. Ext to each other to over top of each other.  They were silent, and not helicopters. As me and my husband watched, trying to figure them out, we noticed the lighting was way different than airplanes.  It wasn\u2019t blinking, it was flashing consstantky, with colors.  Like red, yellow, white, red, yellow, white... in a cir Jose formation, not a blinking red light, like a plane.  They slowed down once they moved in the vertical formation, and disappeared behind the trees.  I can\u2019t stop thinking about them, they were silent, ave"
"Observed a flame colored object that suddenly appeared for about 20 seconds and disappeared.  Looked like a triangular fireball with a black line running through the middle."
"Orange points of light racing South from Perseus at great speed and altitude slowing, speeding, passing each other. I was out observing Comet 17p/Holmes, again. I spotted it again tonight and it is a bit fainter maybe magnitude 3 now also more dispersed.  Look in the East (just North of East really) find Cassiopeia  above the area Capella, the brightest star in the East, below and the seven sisters (Plieades - a little tiny dipper) to the South, in the middle between all those is an equilateral triangle of close to the same magnitude stars -the fuzzy dirtball is on the lower left- obviously hazy through binoculars. I just witnessed my first UFOs these two lights passed near the comet at an apparent altitude similar to the ISS/Space-Shuttle (which I saw a couple nights ago) silent, orange color points of light and chasing, slowing, speeding, passing- speeds that ranged from faster than ISS to full stopped on a dime and then 90 degree instant turns East and gone.    This was unlike any heavenly body not even meteors move like this.  Human's Jets could not move with such speed especially in the turning, no Earthly flight technology can slow down like these did.   I cannot rule out plasmas but plasma still has to follow the rules of physics regarding inertia, energy conservation and acceleration.   I followed these with my binoculars for perhaps half to three-fourths of a minute.  The initial direction was South out of Perseus away from the comet when I first noticed them.   I have no explanation for these 2 things."
"Two large bright white lights flying in tandem low in the night sky, absolutely no sound, nor any other lights nor color. In the spring of 2011, perhaps April or May, in the early evening at approximately 5:50 pm or 6:50 pm, I had stepped outside.  The weather was fine, no cloudiness nor precipitation. In the West something caught my eye and I stood looking in that direction a moment to identify what it was. A small light, the size of a distant evening star, seemed to be moving.  As I stood watching it, the light became slightly larger and brighter. The object was moving toward my direction heading in a North East direction coming from the West. My home is in a darkened area, raised away from city lighting and surrounded by mountains.  All nature of planes fly constantly overhead as two airports are located in relatively close proximity, as well as the area of sky above our property is a fly zone for all aircraft.  I am a casual night sky observer, familiar with constellations and etc. and very familiar with observing shooting stars, satellites and all manner of aircraft. As the object was coming in my direction, there was only a bright white light, no plane marker lights to be identified at that angle.  The pace/speed of the object was steady and constant and the light visibly growing larger and brighter the closer it came toward my property.  At this point in time I now suspected I was watching a satellite, as there was no sound, nor other usual plane markers. As the object reached the range of my property I was able to see clearly two separate objects.  Both bright white lights and flying in tandem, as you might see two fighter planes flying in tandem.  As the objects flew by I never took my eyes from them and turned my body in conjunction with the movement of the objects, so that as I saw them clearly I was now facing North.  The objects continued toward the East until out of my sight. The entire flight pattern of the objects was in the pattern of an arc, flying in from the west toward the northeast and flying out toward the east. Unlike a satellite, the objects flew very low in the sky and were both large, very bright, white lights with no other lights, neither flashing nor colored. Neither object had any kind of identifying shape. Unlike a shooting star, the objects did not have any other coloring except bright white, similar to the look of a larger bright star in the night sky.  There was no trail, no sparking, nothing to indicate that these objects were shooting stars.  Nor did they have the speed of a shooting star, as those \u201cshoot\u201d quickly past. Their constant speed was similar to the steadiness of a satellite\u2019s movement.  The altitude was similar to a low flying prop plane.   The speed was not as slow nor as ungraceful as a prop, it was smoother like a jet, but not as fast as a jet.  These objects moved quickly, but steadily. Lastly, from start to finish, there was not a single sound emitted before, during, nor after they disappeared from sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"light moved faster than any jet i've seen and turned 90 degrees in a millisecond toward chicago object flew from west to east at a very high rate of speed over milwaukee toward lake michigan and turned sharply towrds chicago.object was approx. 1,000-1,500 ft. above ground and moving at hundreds of miles an hour,very,very fast.was a round light."
"Red, yellow, and orange fireballs flying low in Babson Park/Frostproof, FL I witnessed a total of three sighting within 10 minutes.  The first sighting there were to fireball shapes bright red, yellow, and orang that were moving at a very fast pace.  They disappeared in seconds and then two blanking white lights traveled in opposite directions at a very very fast pace.  The second sighting was I almost identical to the first. The third sighting appeared as three or four fireballs in a straight line traveling fast.  The line disappeared and the white blanking lights began to travel fast in opposite directions. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  Witness indicates no date for the sighting, so we have assigned an arbitrary date above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Sphere flying with Parent Aircraft Very fast and round sphere flying through the sky in Abingdon, Maryland.  Video the sphere and picture is the escort plane flying next to it.  Another above average temperature along with breathtaking sunsets observed in Maryland on, February 23.  As I have been reporting since January 28 after experiencing and reporting a very directed vibrating current sound that affected myself and one other person, there has been a measurable increase in \"aircraft activity\" daily.  Today, I observed more activity in the couple hours leading up to sunset than I ever had up until this point.   I'm hoping someone can help answer some questions about all of this."
"UFO over Santa Fe, NM, possibly disk shaped, stationary, with light rays of various colors emanating from it. I believe it was disk shaped but it was a dark (non-starry) sky, so it was hard to see.  At first I thought it was Venus, but then realized it was too early for Venus.  My bedroom window faces west.  I turned off the bedroom lights and watched it some more, thinking it was an aircraft, but it didn't move closer or further away.   So next, I assumed it was a helicopter, since it was over the general area of the 599 road/Old Agua Fria Village, but it remained fairly high, 1/4 mile up (estimate).   As I watched it, it seemed to be shooting out lights, to the side, downward at angles, and to the sides at slight angles.  Periodically it glowed across the top (giving a disk-shaped appearance).  The lights were white and also bright-colored, and shot like rays, rapidly, and not far out from the craft.  I watched it for about 45 minutes.  I thought of taking pictures, but then figured no one would believe me, plus my cell phone probably couldn't capture the image in the! dark sky anyway.   I am partially handicapped too, otherwise I would have gone outside to try and photograph it.  But I live alone, and that would have been dangerous for me.  My dog was here, and she remained asleep on the couch the whole time.  Finally I just thought, \"Well, if I'm seeing it, someone else probably is too,\" so I threw the covers over my head and went to sleep.  I woke up later (3:30 a.m.) and it was gone.   I got up, went to the bathroom and kitchen, where I could see the moon low on the horizon, in the south-east sky.   This morning I checked the news but didn't see any reports, so I figured I'd leave one here.  I am 54 years old, female, and not prone to hallucinations.  I usually discount UFO reports.  All of which is to say, I saw something strange enough that I am reporting it here."
"UFO flying around, and then stopping in mid-air- bright flashing lights. The sighting happened on 7/22/2014, ((sic.  07/23/2014)) at around 1:30 am.  I walked out a bar and to a car. When I sat in the car, I noticed something was gliding in the air.  I assumed it was a plane, so I didn't stare at it too long.   About 5 or 10 minutes went by, and then I saw my friends coming out from the bar and in front of the car I was in.  I looked up, and the craft was still up in the air, just sitting there.  It wasn't moving at all, and at that moment I realized what its shape was and how close it was.  No noises came from it, even though it was fairly large.   I got out of the car, and walked to where my friends were.  I still didn't hear anything.  It was flashing these bright lights, mostly red.  It was in a big long strip around the hemisphere of the craft, and it seemed like it was a lot of smaller lights making it look like a red strip. Inside the red strip were little bright red dots, so I assume that means those were individual lights.  Sometimes it flashed green on one side, and sometimes blue on the other side.  The red was almost always on.  I think i might have seen another color, but all I can remember is red, green, and blue.  The craft flashed the lights in weird patterns, sometimes it was just still, sometimes the lights flashed.  It was dark out, so they were very bright and intense.  It was hard to see what color the craft was, because of the light, but I think it was metallic.  I know for sure it was shaped like a UFO.  It was a flying saucer, more round than flat.  We were quite close to this craft too, close enough to get a good look at it.   My friends and I watched this craft move and glide around in the air, taking sharp turns in weird directions.  It would stop, then lower itself straight down in a perfect fast motion, then stop.  Then it would rise up, perfectly straight, and stop mid-air.  It went even higher and higher, in the same vertical way, and then it stopped and lowered itself again. Then it would start flying around back and forth, like it was watching something.  It did this for q! uite a w hile, moving around then going up and down fast then slow. I felt like I could see something around it, but I'm not sure what that was.  I might have been seeing something as a result of those lights, but it seemed like the craft was inside of something else.   When the craft left, it just lowered itself down below the treeline, and never came back up.   I waited in the car for about 25 minutes, but it did not come back."
"Small, silent, glowing probe above house I was in the alley in back of my house taking out the trash.  When i came back and approached the back gate I looked up and floating above my house about 30ft. away from me was this small cylinder type craft.  It was probably only 2ft. long and 10 inches wide.  It was glowing with green lights and it floated completed silently moving down the length of my house.  It flew slowly just above the power lines, right over my head and into the neighbors yard. I then watched it disappear in the moonlight because it was a full moon that night.  It never changed altitude or speed.  My only guess is that it was some sort of probe.  I'm reporting this in hopes that someone else has witnessed this strange little craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Fast-moving glowing, gyrating shpere. My friends and I were out  boating when we saw a gyrating sphereical object. It was  as far up in the sky as a commercial flight craft. It was glowing very brightly and was visible in broad daylight. White lined with a red tint around the edges. It was utterly silent and everything seemed to get silenced as it came by as if some out of humanly detectible pitch was drounding out all othher noise"
"Pulsating light gets smaller as it makes an arching movement in the night sky. Sunday August 6th, 2006 at 10:30 PM, I was taking my dog out to do her business before going to bed.  As I walked out of my house, I was greeted by a beautiful full moon which was slightly orange at the time in the NE sky.  As I walked to the rear of my yard, I noticed what I originally thought was a very large planet in the N sky (about the same size as the moon that night).  About a minute or two later, I returned to the spot where I seen the \"planet\", and stood and watched it for about another minute.  Just then the circle pulsated very brightly, and made an arching movement in the sky.  As it was making this arching movement, the circle got smaller and smaller until it vanished which took approxiamately 5 seconds.  The sky was very still and clear that night with no wind or clouds.  Total time of observation was about 4 to 5 minutes."
"Slow Moving Shape Changing Flash   At 7:10 pm Nov 9th 2008 in Hamilton KS I was coming home from my parents house when I was walking to the back door I looked up at the sky and noticed what I thought was a new Radio and/or cell tower. After watching said Lights I came to realize it was very slowly moving with no noise The Object appeared to be three quarters to one mile away from where I was standing. It had a dominate orange light with occasional red glittery flashes but they were not in a rhythm as with a commercial aircraft. It had moved and tree branches were obstructing my view so I walked to the back yard and finally went to the road where there is an open field with one tree for a better look. as I was watching I noticed from in front left of the object there was a flash ,one flash that reflected off the sky some how. Then it seemed to spread into a boomerang shape and then back to a single object. I watched for about ten minutes as it slowly vanished. After seeing the flash I remembered when I pulled in the driveway seeing a flash I though might of been lightning and then noticed there were no clouds above town but dismissed until I saw it come from this object. It was moving south in almost what appeared to be a zigzag fashion. I felt My hair on my arms stand up. And kind of disorientated. for some reason."
"Falling orbs Sunny skies, clear, few clouds.  Small lightship orbs that seemed to flash off and on falling randomly and drifting.  There were hundreds."
"A bright perfectly round ball shaped object hovering north of our location on a hilly street with a bunch of trees. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Seen a glowing object, kind of at first looked triangular then turned into more of a fire ball look.  The whole time the object was glowing bright orange, as if it almost was on fire!   It was going slow it seemed then disappeared across the sky in about thirty seconds.   No noise or sound from object, because a minute later or so a jet flew by and we could hear that and it took much longer for the jet to disappear out of view!  12:30p.m 8/21/16 Hibbing, MN. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness confirmed that the correct time was 00:30 on August 22nd.  We have amended the time and date above.  PD))"
"I live approx 150 feet from the Susquehanna River.  There was a black storm cloud coming that I was looking at, when 6-8 saucer-like objects suddenly appeared.   They had bright orange lights and seemed to be flying just ahead of the storm.  They did not fly like normal aircraft and some flew against the wind, so weather balloons or something similar seems unlikely.  I ran outside and was able to spot 2 more, which I pointed out to my neighbor.   She told me she saw 2 craft identical to these 4/5 days ago, flying right in front of a storm."
"Large Triangle over Austin Texas 1979 In the winter of '79, a friend of mine and I were walking along the campus of The University of Texas in Austin. It was dark out, being aprox. 9:00 in the evening. I would estimate around 30 people were also in the area that I could see with folks on both sides of the street we were on. What got my attention was the whole area lighting up suddenly as if someone had turned on amber colored floodlights that illuminated the street and buildings as if it were suddenly day. The origin of the light came from above us. There, hovering above the UT Tower was a triangular shaped craft aprox. 100 yards in length with amber colored glowing half-bulbs at each corner underside of the craft. It made no noise and hovered for about 20-30 seconds. Everyone on the street saw it and we all pointed at it. I was very excited and the feeling I had was one of pure elation. The object moved silently towards the south and downtown area of Austin and then seemed to accelerate and was out of sight within a fraction of a second. The next day on the local rock radio station KLBJ, they announced that if anyone had seen anything unusual the night before it was because the Air Force was testing something. I later became a weather technician for the Texas Air Guard and even though I was already familiar with most military craft I became an expert at recognizing all atmospheric phenomena and different types of aircraft as was required by my job. I do not believe nor have I ever believed that this huge, silent golden triangle was of a terran origin. I have only found one other witness online to this event who saw it 30 miles to the north of Austin and he stated that he saw several small shapes flying around the triangle as it headed south towards the Austin area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Green pulsating lights over loughor,setting off house and car alarms while standing in my rear garden smoking. The lights in the house started to flicker. I then saw a large green pulsating light above the clouds. The lights flashed twice,moved very quickly across the sky and repeated three times. This triggered car and house alarms around the area. After ten mins or so it happened again,but only once and again alarms were set off"
"Was returning to house after taking trash to dumpster.  I get to my backyard something caught my eye.  Large craft fairly low I'm guessing 1500 ft.  Triangular in shape was very large with three  white lights at each tip.  There was minimal sound was like a low humming noise.   Ran  inside to get  binoculars by  the time I got back outside I could barely see the craft heading to the West.  Craziest thing I have ever witnessed."
"Bright red objects over Raytown Looking north from my couch coming directly from the direction of the stadiums, I saw what first looked like a plane that may have been on fire, the light was bright red and moving about the same pace a small engine plane would move only no sound and seemed to be floating instead of actually flying.  I used my binoculars and I saw what looked like an orb with fire in the center heading due south....and just as that one disappeared in the distance another appeared following the exact same path, and looked exactly the same. I've never seen anything like it, and for the life of me can't think of anything that can fly man made that I can compare them to. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Something hovering with strobing lights. On the night of July 8th, about 10:00, I was getting ready for bed when I heard a noise and thought someone was pulling into our driveway.  There was a yellow-orange light strobing outside our window.   Thinking it was a police car, I looked out to see.  There wasn't anything in the drive but whatever it was stayed in one spot about 45 seconds.  Then I heard \u00a0noise like power building up steam and whatever it was took off.  I couldn't see anything ground level that accounted for it and nothing pulled onto the road at the end of drive.   My husband heard the noise and thought it was somebody playing with a drone.  I didn't think they were that big or made that much noise.  It wasn't a helicopter, no chopper blades.     \u00a0  \u00a0  \u00a0"
"Bright light about the size of 20 stars seen west of Gallup, NM. Bright light about the size of 20 stars suspends in the w-est over Gallup, NM.    We looked at it for several minutes and saw several planes or objects getting close to it.   Went inside and came out 20 minutes later and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Very large and long  rusty bolt type craft came through the clouds in broad daylight. While driving on a country road to my deer stand something told me to look up at a very steep angle  through the wind shield. When  i looked up i saw a circle or hole open up in the clouds. This hole became very intense pink in color. Then a very large  cylinder shape thing started coming out of the pink hole.This thing or craft look to be extremely long. At that same time, this rusted bolt(is what it looked like )seperated in the middle and all sorts of windows became visible. The next instant, two things happened. All shapes and sizes of anti started appearing all over the bolt.  At that same time all shapes and sizes of smaller craft came from the bolt. It looked like a bee hive .  When i look on to the road to see where i was going and looked back to see the bolt, it was gone."
"Very bright orange light, strobes, fades, brightens, moves, disappears, reappears in Flathead Valley. The past week I have been seeing what I believe to be the same craft. It is orange in color and kind of strobes, sometimes slowly sometimes quick.  Each time I've seen it I see it just still in place, then I get my camera to take long exposure shots and I was suprised the first time I saw it because my shots showed it's movement.  I photographed it until it completely dissapeared the first time.  The second time I saw it I spotted it in a completely different area, probably about 70 degrees away from the first spotting, I wasn't able to photograph it this time because I had to drive.  When I returned to the same spot about 20 minutes later it was gone.  THEN, tonight I actually saw it appear.  I was outside looking at Arcturus in the NorthEast or so and I was gazing around when all the sudden it appeared at 12'oclock ahead of me.  I immediatly ran inside and grabbed my camera.  As soon as I got my camera set up it started to slowly move left.  I was able to get two 30 second exposure shots of it before it went behind trees,  It was very bright.  I grabbed my tripod/camera and ran through the field infront of my house and it just kept moving but this time away from me.  I ran across a highway and into these other fields where it pretty much shot away fast, and I then spotted it very far in the distance, I was able to get a few more shots but it was too far away and I called it quits.  Plus it was cold and Iwas only wearing pajama pants.  This thing is sure to appear again.  Hopefully I will get it again tomorrow night.  I thought I was able to see a shape to it but I'm not sure...I can only say for sure that it was very bright orange."
"Very bright light, idle, then shot off rapidly. I saw a very bright light in the sky that seemed to get larger. I stopped and looked, it remained for 15 sec, then shot off upward.  I have never seen anything move as fast as that craft, not even a fighter jet. It got smaller as it went upward."
"Green, red, and blue pulses of light that stayed stationary in one spot for several hours with no movement. It was horizontal from what we could tell with green, red, and blue pulses of light that had a continuous pattern of \"green, red, and blue\" repated in that order over and over again. It stayed stationary in one spot for several hours with no movement and same repeated flashing lights of green, red, and blue. With movement from the earth the sighting slowly became harder and harder to see."
"4 am i was coming home from work........saw a light far away moving fast and it looked like it was blinking or flashing saw this light far away moving and took a pictures......only one came out good"
"Dancing Dazzling Lights Up In The Sky This was the weirdest thing that I ever seen in my whole entire life! I DO NOT know what in the hell these things that I\u2019m seeing or what they are???  Very early this morning at 5:38am, I was on my way to work, while riding on the Chicago CTA Midway Orange Line Train, I happen to look out the window which was facing to the south or southeast. I had seen 8 round bright-lighted objects standing still in a hovering formation. 2 minutes later at around 5:40am as the Chicago CTA Midway Orange Line Train pulled up to the Halsted station on the corner of Archer Ave and Halsted, these so-called round objects had started to move in a different formation just as they were playing a game called follow the leader, acting as they were doing some kind of a weird dance in the sky. Each of these saucer shape objects had twinkling multi-colored lights with various color changes like: green, blue, red, orange, pink, and purple. One of the saucer shape object had flashed a very bright beam down to something or someone, I couldn\u2019t tell because there were lots of obstacles in the way from where I was looking. These object were about 200 feet off the ground and they were very close like about 2 or 3 city blocks from a distance. I DO NOT know what in the hell I had seen this morning, but it was the weirdest thing that I ever seen in my whole entire life! Man! It was weird! Strange and Bizarre!  Can someone out there please tell me and confirm this? And tell me what was it that I had seen this morning???\u2026"
"Bright orange fading lights, disappering and reappering in different places Bright orange lights along tree line direction NW.  One light would slowing dim out and another would come in moving in a northern direction.  At one point there was a row of 3."
"Multi colored sphere like in I was on my way to work. I was traveling south on I - 95 headed to Salem N.H. it was a multicolored sphere traveling directly over the top of my vehicle about hundred feet up. was traveling at a high rate of speed. went by me and headed south for a few seconds then it went straight up in the sky and was gone. when I got to work I called the local police station in Salem N.H. they told me the phone lines were jamming up because hundreds of people saw the same thing I did and they were working on it. I said ok & hung up. that was 21 years ago so the day and month maybe wrong but it was in 1985. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Orange 3/4 moon-like sphere hovering above tree line, disappearing without a trace, no sound ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Circle Object Round Rock Tx We saw that object 2 nights in a roll and I was able to record it on video.   It was stationary very bright I observed it last night till 2 am and went to bed.Im not 100% sure what it was but it might be worth of checking it out.I have it on my camera. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Red light moving erratically in the sky. On February 27, around 6pm, I was standing outside of the Long John Silver\u2019s restaurant on route 65 in East Rochester, PA.  I took photos of what I believe was Venus shining bright in the sky.  I took 5 shots in about 10 seconds.  I did not notice a red light that seemed to be all over the sky in those photos, until I viewed them later. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Monday May 30th NE Phoenix, 7th Street and Paradise Ln. That night, I noticed what looked like a star.  But seem much closer and could see light variations with the naked eye.  As I washed for a couple of minutes.  I thought it was still to strange, so I began taking photos.   Now the object in question will be almost center of the screen about a inch from the top.  As you scroll through the photos.  Another object will appear below the one in question.  Below it to the left at first.  Then will move across from left to right this being a plane.  Once again the object in question will be the one in the same place in almost all the photos.   If in doubt look at the photos where i changed the contrast and so forth making the object in question stand out to you in case your wondering.   The photos were taken one after the other as quick as my finger hit the button. I guess that's why I am so baffled from one photo to the next.  How the obhect in question change so much."
"Small red lights flying along coast of Nags Head and then all would dissapear in same location -- no sound. Around 9 pm on August 22, 2014, there were 4 people on the deck of an oceanfront beach house. It was pitch dark out with no cloud cover.  We were all looking out at the water, facing southward, looking down the beach towards the Gary Oliver pier.   Three small red lights were in a triangle formation were cruising along the beach line, fairly high in the sky, but not as high as a commercial airliner would be. they made no sound and as they were approaching, they then disappeared all the the same point in the sky. 30 seconds later a single red light followed the same pattern as the other three and disappeared at the same pint.   2 more followed that one about 15 seconds behind each other and disappeared at the same point in the sky.  Then three more in triangle formation and they also disappeared at same point in sky.   They were all the same shape, color, size and all disappeared at same point in sky and they made no noise.   No way they were aircraft, helicopters or anything else I have ever seen.  VERY VERY strange -- and the three other people with me are all UFO non-believers, but could NOT explain what it could have logically been as there was no clouds and they made no noise.  Only comment made was that someone mentioned there was a military base near Elizabeth City, but we still did not know what that would lend to the solution of what they were."
"Low level, bright amber glowing light flying toward us then turned and accelerated straight up out of sight, amazing!!!! Standing Outside my home looking south a bright Amber Light came over the hill above Khuener Rd maybe a 1,000 feet or so above the mountain top.  Expecting it to be an airplane I kept watching for the Red and green flashing lights but the closer it got the more brilliant the became.  As it was just about over my home it slowed down when I realized it was neither a helicopter (No Sound) nor was it and airplane (no sound and no flashers) i called my dad outside.  He came out just in time to watch the craft make a slight turn east and accelerate straight up through a cloud and out of the atmosphere we watched the light decrease in size relative to a street light becoming the size of a christmas light in less then ten seconds.  The speed and acceleration without a sound was absolutely amazing."
"Object falling from sky We were night watching when a large object appeared in the sky.  We thought it was a star at first, but then realized it was falling and also was way to large.   The object was sphere shaped in the west part of the sky.  It was slowly falling and after about ten minutes vanished from sight."
"2 very bright stationary objects, both appearing to change shape, and one that was changing colors or had multiple colored lights. around 8 pm myself and a girlfriend noticed two very bright objects in the sky. we drove to a nearby neighborhood and parked to get out and look.  Both objects were stationary in the sky, one a very bright yellow and and the other a bright blue. They were probably less than a mile apart from each other.  Each object was not moving and it was easy to tell they were not planes because several planes were flying nearby them.  They both would become more/less intense in brightness at certain times and seemed to be diamond shaped.  The blue colored one appeard to be flickering heavily and very noticebly changing colors from red, blue, green, yellow, etc.. at one point the object appeared to come apart into about 4 separate points of light and then returned together after about 5 seconds.  After watching each object for about 40 minuted we ended up running home to grab binoculars and when we returned the yellow one was gone and the blue one seemed to be further aw! ay.  Looking through the binoculars it was clear to see colores dancing around on the object and it appeared to be flashing and rotating.  After another 40 minutes it was much further away and we left the area.  My girlfriend who thought I was nuts for believing in some kind of extraterrestrial occurances was completely blown away and now is a very interested and intrigued by the subject."
"I found 2 small orange pods with alien like organisms, curdle up in the fetal position, growing inside then My sons and I were looking around my fathers shed and came across a very interesting discovery up inside a one of the cyderblock.  It was indeed a crazy looking creature not from this world,  I did had never seen anything like it & I did take very many photo shoots of this thing and I still got then for you if you need them.   ((NUFORC Note:  We question whether this is a serious report, but we cannot be certain.  We have attempted to contact the source, to request copies of the photos, but have been unsuccessful in reaching the person.  PD))"
"Tonight we saw 10 fireball colored, round objects flying in a line going west to east about  9:00 PM.  These objects flew in a nice pace,allowing us enough time to video these such objects. They were quiet but bright. We were sitting on our deck watching a NFL game and noticed the lighted objects in the night sky."
"At WalMart parking lot flashing lites red, white, moving fast from the south; low. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"flying objects near chicago o'hare air port (footage capture) as I was pulling out a parking lot on Foster and Nagle between 8:30pm and 8:45pm chicago time.  I notice two individuals pulled over on the side of the road pointing up at the sky and when I looked up to my amazement it was what appear to be four circular objects like a big fire ball gliding west about 4 miles apart with no noise on a clear night sky and after the first set of objects pass by more circular objects appear (another four) following the first set of flying objects with an amber type of light emanating from them... the total time it took for the objects to pass by was about 2 minutes.  chicago o'hare air port it very close to where the objects where spotted no more then 10 miles away. I well also send video footage I capture with my cell phone camera. it took me about 10 minutes to get to the house and as i looked up at the sky i notice one metallic circular object hovering in the sky without its amber light. thank you for taking the time and readi! ng my experience with my first encounter of the first kind I shall never forget what I seen and now I believe in UFO's..."
"Blinking lights in the sky not moving then disappearing and re-appearing. i saw two blinking lights that did not move when they appeared, then they faded and disappeared. they would then reappear again a few minutes later.  this went on for about an hour."
"Bright circle shape low.  Not a plane.was there for about 3 min pulled over it was gone."
"UFO spoted in Golden Valley Arizona on March 19, 2008 I was driving back home from Laughlin, I was on highway 68 in golden Valley,when I seen bright lights,kind of low,my first thought was that it was a plane but as I am driving,I notice that it wasn't really moving,it was kinda huving in the sky in one spot.it was shaped like a triangle,it had like about 6 lights on it,3 on the light"
"Two large, animated, glowing lights Prince George Two large glowing white sphere shaped lights with a light orange resonance were noticed over an area close to the James River in Prince George Virginia.  The lights were about a quarter of the size of the moon and appeared to be 1.5 miles away from us (witnesses).  I estimate they were .5 mi. above ground level.  The two objects first hovered stationary for over a minute and seemed to move independently of each other.  They then spiraled upwards around each other, then floated back down to a similar altitude as before.  They rested in this position for approx. 5 seconds then shot straight up out of sight.  No noise was recognized as being related to the objects.  I believe them to be two separate objects because when spiraling around each other nothing blocked the light produced by the other. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Four fireballs rising from the horizon into the clouds My wife and I were parked at the distribution center for a company in Gas City, IN. We were waiting in a line of semi trucks to enter the garage area when we witnessed the first two objects rise from the horizon behind the building to our east. The objects in question appeared to come from the Upland, IN area and proceed to the south west. The objects were reddish orange in color and were rising into the sky. Both were moving parallel to each other at the same speed and distance.  They continued up into the clouds to our south and disappeared. The third object appeared from the same location as the first two, roughly one minute later.  This was the same color as the others and followed the same general path in the sky. The object rose into the sky and disappeared behind the clouds the same as the first two. The fourth object followed about forty five seconds later while we were watching the third object disappear, and did as described above. Same orange color with a slight flicker to it. The sky was overcast. The objects in question were approximately the size of a pencil eraser held out at arms length.  The time was approximately 23:15 to 23:30. No fireworks were occurring at this time. The objects looked like balls of fire. My wife and Myself witnessed this as well as another truck driver, his wife, a mechanic, and a man that works at the guard gate to the facility.  My wife was able to get a video of the first two objects moving parallel to one another, but the Iphone 5 video camera will not zoom.  She took still photos of the third object with the camera zoomed in.  The fourth object was not captured due to us talking to witnesses and leaving our phones in the cab of the truck."
"Strange mirage disturbance flying through the sky at high speed over Oakland California. I witnessed what looked like a ships wake in the sky It was transparent/mirage like in appearance, as if someone dragged a ball though the water by a string  viewing it from beneath the waves.  I only noticed it when it moved, seemed to have been there at a stand still as its movement drew my attention to it. The disturbance only lasted for a \u00bd second to 1 second traveling east to west at a very high rate of speed. There was no light emitted, just an area that wasn\u2019t as dark as the surrounding sky. For the last year or so I have noticed strange happenings in the areas night sky. From lights that can only be seen with a pair of binoculars coming head on towards each other at extreme altitude, (approx. 80,000ft.)   only to have one disappear as they meet, to flashes of light that just appear and then disappear just as fast. These strange sightings have captured my attention that I keep watching nightly for them. Unfortunately they happen too fast to photograph and are too far away to zoom in on. I will try to anyway, someone needs to see these things. Glad to have a someone to report this to. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The craft was clearly visible no more than 25 feet directly in front of us at about 15 - 20 feet above ground. There were alot of scattered rain clouds overhead as the sun was just about to go down, but the sky was still clearly visible we were heading south on the old 163 freeway just outside the Mira Mar Naval Air Station when I happened to look up out my passenger window and spotted a bright silver metallic round object coming out from behind a cloud it appeared as if it were spinning however the closer it came the more visible it appeared to have bright lights blinking all the way around it making it appear like the craft was spinning but it wasnt.  There was a midsize car approx. 2 car lengths in front of us and across the freeway on the other side there was a vehicle the craft came down hovered over the vehicle in front of us than hovered over the car on the north bound side came back and hovered again over the vehicle in front of us than rose up and shot across the freeway in an easterly direction losing site of it.  The craft was approx. 25 feet round and metallic in color with a cylinder shape that came out from underneath releasing a vapor of some type when it would raise back up after hovering.  The brightness of the lights encircling the craft were almost blinding they were so bright, and on the top of the craft was a small dome where perhaps an occupant was piloting the craft.  I saw no markings on the outside but because of the brightness of the lights that doesnt mean there wasnt any.  Just after it bolted across the freeway and flew out of sight we were approaching the MiraMar Naval Air Station."
"Unusual moving lights over the Fort Collins area In the southern sky, we noticed at least 5 lights that changed location and formed triangular and boomerang patterns.  The objects crossed paths and appeared to fade and brighten.  The whole time there was at least two lights that were brighter. The colors changed from green, to red, and to a bright white. Looking through binoculars, the objects appeared to be almost spinning, one side looked green, the other side looked reddish with a trail.  Periodically one would brighten and look like a fireball. These objects appeared to be changing positions, hovering over the Loveland area, then switching to a location over the Windsor-Greeley area. This occurred for approximately 25 minutes on 27 Dec 2013 (1815-1840 MST)"
"Missing 2.15 hours with my Aunt while in Mexico...both of us have no idea My retired aunt and I whom am in my 40's left a busy hotel lobby around 6.55 pm.  We had to walk one block, take a right and walk 2 blocks to a home to meet friends for dinner.   The sun was just beginning to set, we turned right after the first block and the next thing we know is that it is pitch black outside when we knocked on the door of our friends, they were agitated we missed dinner.  We looked at the time and it was 9.15pm.   To this day, we have no idea what happened to us.  Since then, I have had two other occasions of missing  time with weird scars on my forhead.  What does one do with that info.  No fear..just hope for the best.  The only thing I know is that things do not seem as they appear.  My aunt will also testify.   There is more info on experiences since then.  Both of us are credible.   I am honorably discharged us navy veteran whom was a radar tech, plus college educated. My Aunt lives in Hawaii. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Orange bright lights appeared in the sky Fresno, California - Dec. 16, 2011 at 9:29 pm.   I was driving home when my family and I noticed three bright orange lights shaped in a triangle.  And they were moving slowly (north). As we continued to drive we got closer and we spotted another bright orange light a head of the triangular set of lights.  But the strange thing about it they were all moving at the same time and pace.  It was clear that it wasn't a plane because it looked so close like as if a house near by had a very large antenna on the top of the roof.   But as we got closer we realized it was above us!!  It was above the intersection of all the traffic!!   Traffic had pulled over and started taking pictures of the sighting with their cellphones.  And then it just vanished. It was pretty cool!!   I'm still stoked about it, my kids have so many questions...\u00a0"
"MY HUSBAND AND I SAW A DISC SHAPED OBJECT TRAVEL TO WARD THE WEST ON S.BOUND 79 MY HUSBAND AND I WERE HEADING SOUTH ON 79,IT WAS 5:40AM.  THE CRAFT WAS FLYING LOW AND GOING AT A SLOW PACE.  IT WAS FLYING A MILE OR SO AHEAD OF US.WE THOUGHT IT WAS A HELICOPTER AT FIRST BUT WHEN WE APPROACHED IT CLOSER IT LOOKED LIKE A ROUND DISC WITH 2 OR MORE BLINKING LIGHTS.WE WATCHED IT FLY WEST OF US GOING TOWARD BRIDGEVILLE.  THE DISC DID NOT LOOK LIKE IT WAS SPINNING.  JUST DRIFTING ACROSS THE HIGHWAY.  IT TRAVELED ABOUT 200 HUNDRED FEET OR MORE AND THEN IT WAS HARD TO SEE BECAUSE OF THE TREES.I WISH THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN SOME DAYLIGHT.  NEVER HAVE WE SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THIS.  I DIDN'T HAVE A CAMERA TO TAKE ANY PICTURES, BUT I DO NOT THINK YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO MAKE ANYTHING OUT BECAUSE THE SKY WAS DARK AND SO WAS THE DISC."
"I wittnessed a large cigar shaped object pass between clouds This event took place while installing an amateur radio antenna while working on the installation I happen to look up and watch a solid white blimp shaped object approximately 300\u2019 in, length by 75\u2019 in width pass between some clouds at a altitude of approximately 10 to 15 thousand feet, the object had no under carriage that one would expect to see on a blimp and the object made no sound. Later that evening I was watching the wjhl 11 O\u2019clock news and there was a report, that  just after dark that three lights hovering and moving erratically had been observed by several people at a local recreation area 30 miles from where I had witnessed the object I had encountered.  I am a veteran of the U.S. Army,  I was stationed at Ft. Lewis WA. Near McChord Air Force base I know what normal aircraft are and know that this was no normal aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"THIS IS A MULTI EVENT REPORT, OF EVENTS HAPPENING WITHIN THE LAST TWO MONTHS... After my report on November 18, 2007, of three spheres over the Phoenix skies.  I became exited and intrigued about my coincidential UFOs sighting; thus I started to keep a watchful eye more frequently on the skies.  Also, since my first sighting happened at 3pm during the day, I only watch the sky during the day; not having the need to watch at night, since night observations make easier to confuse ordinary lights with UFOs. ******** SUNDAY NOVEMBER 19, 2006 ********** Still excited about the sighting on the previus day; while my wife and daughter went to church, I stayed home, I went to the backyard around 1pm, at the beginning I didn't see anything, but after 10 minutes of watching, I could see a white spec to the North at 80\u00b0, after a little while it became more visible since it descended more becoming a metallic sphere, the altitude was higher than the flight of a commercial airline plane.  The sphere travelled for 3 minutes Southbound until it dissapeard and it was reflecting the sunligh in flicks giving the impression of being a rotating object... ********* THURSDAY NOVEMBER 23, 2006 ******** We went to Tucson, AZ to spend Thanksgiving with relatives... We arrived to Tucson on Wednesday night, and on Thursday around noon while the Turkey was being prepared I went outside to my relatives' backyard; The house is located in South Tucson close to Irvington Road and Benson Highway... The day was a nice with some light clouds on the skies; and again after watching for a while, I was facing Southwest and I saw this bright metallinc, aluminum like, sphere coming down slowly from the clouds at 60\u00b0; I called my cousin's boyfriend and he put his sunglasses on and we could see the UFO flying high from Southwest to Northeast towards the Catalina mountains until it dissapeared without descending.  We could see this object for around three minutes and again, it appeared to have a rotating motion, since the sunligth w! ould ref lect on its body and flicker once in a while.  ********* SUNDAY DECEMBER 10, 2006 **********  I was in my house, located in West Phoenix, watching TV.  I could hear a helicopter's noise flying low in the neighborhood; I came outside to the backyard, and noticed that the helicopter was two blocks East of my house; flying in circles; it was giving orders to someone on the ground thru the speakers; then I turn my sight Northeast at 75\u00b0 and saw this metallic sphere stationary way up there, I went inside to get my wife, but she didn't want to come out, because she's tired of me looking for UFOs; when I came outside again, the spehere was not in there anymore, then I turned North-Northwest and I found it at a much lower altitude at 45\u00b0, and I definitely could appreciate an oval shape and reflecting sunlight, I ran inside the house to get a videocamera; a cheap Panasonic Mini DV53, when I came outside the UFO wasn't in there anymore and the helicopter had moved four blocks south of my house and it still was flying in circles.  I look around for a while, and turned my head up 90\u00b0, and there it was right above me.  I tried to focuse it with the videocamera but it wasn't in there anymore; I looked for it and I found it East at 75\u00b0 and it had ascended; I wasn't able to get a shot of it, but it definitely was in there; I finally got tired and went back into the house; The event lasted at least 10 minutes....  ********* WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 13, 2006 *********   I went to pick up my 6 years old daughter at school, she gets released at 2:40pm, I always get there 10 to 15 minutes early, and while I wait for her, I scan the skies looking for \"my friends\", it was a nice day, sunny with a few light clouds, at 2:39pm, I noticed the metallic sphere appear East-Northeast at 75\u00b0; there's always a bunch of people picking up theird kids, and I watch around to see if anyone notices what I'm watching; noone is watching, I assume noone is into this, noone would care.  The UFO travelled right above us as I picked my daughter, it took ! around t wo minutes since it appeared and dissapeared on its path...  ******** SUNDAY DECEMBER 16, 2006 ********** My brother and his family came to visit, it's been over a month since I've been watching the skies looking and spotting UFOs, and he's not aware of my activity yet...  He needed some tools because he was going to do some work on his car; I was on the driveway getting tools out of my car; I noticed the UFO East at 80\u00b0, my brother came out, then I tell him, about some events over the last month, he scratches his hair, by now the UFO has moved farther East and it's visible at 45\u00b0 over my neighbors tree. I didn't tell him about it, and then he spot it, and he asked \"Like that one?\". I just smiled and replied to him, \"Yes, just like that one\". ******** I must disclose that since the first sighting I've watch similar UFOs in at least 9 different times; however, since the time my brother saw that one, I'm not able to see one more sighting.  Also, I've been able to find video of similar sightings...  check them and judge for yourselves.... Thanks for reading!  ********* http://www.metacafe.com/watch/363066/ufobject_30_12_2006/ *** http://www.metacafe.com/watch/260203/diomand_ufo/ ***  http://www.metacafe.com/watch/153056/ufo_guy/"
"Multiple colored lights with erratic movements I happened to look up while walking my dogs and noticed a very bright star that appeared to be moving.  Over the last hour and a half ive have 4 other people come over to comfirm that it is a light that changes color slowly from white to red to blue to green and more just slowly cycling (I noted that when it turned red it seemed to move faster and more eratically).  The light makes small and large zig zags, circles, and other random, fast, seemingly eratic movement but in a way that seems it knows where it is going.  I am still currently observing.  It has moved slightly up the horizon but has maintened a general area. Through binoculars, it also appears that the lights are in fact multiple different rings changing colors.  I  wish I had a nice telescope right about now... Wow! ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a \"twinkling\" star.  PD))"
"Red/White triangle, and \"helo\" rotor sound, Feb 6, 2017, 2325 EST.  I started hearing what sounded like a single rotor helicopter just hovering, by the sound, maybe 200yds away, 100ft up.  Over about 3 minutes the sound slowly increased, increasing in intensity, until my windows started rattling, as if a train was passing real close.  The rotor sound was very loud, 85 \u2013 95db, increasing in pitch.   I looked out the window, there was a bright moon, everything looked normal, no odd shadows, nothing blocking the moon.  The coyotes were yipping and howling. In an instant, I saw 2 lines of light, one red, one white that formed the \u201csides\u201d of a triangle, in that same instant, the light triangle appeared to move extremely fast in a straight line making a screeching sound, almost like a startled mouse would make, only much louder.  The triangle appeared to be 30yrds away, possibly 15 \u2013 20ft in size, about 40ft up. The \u201crotor sound\u201d was gone, windows stopped rattling.  A split second later, the rotor sound came back  200yrds farther East as just a low, slow moving drone. The triangle light was as clear a light as I\u2019ve ever seen, appeared to be just below a solid object, that now blocked the moon light, The acceleration was nearly instantaneous. The coyotes went silent. 3 hrs later there was a meteor that streaked the sky that was NOT anything like what I saw earlier."
"Was moving in different directions at really fast speeds. little star looking object that was north about 75 degrees upwards from the ground.  it was a tiny little star like object that was moving little tiny movements every way.  barely any movements to us but many miles to them.  it stayed in the same place generally throughout the night."
"White cigar shaped slow moving and sometimes stationary object. Slow moving/stationary enormous cigar shaped white craft, periodically disappearing, changes direction and disappears completely into the upper atmoshphere"
"4 bright red lights in the shape of a rectangle 4 small bright red objects in the shape of a rectangle whilst fireworks were exploding but these shapes were not fireworks. They then started to fade but did not fade completley."
"Driving south on Rt.1 through Chadds Ford, Pa. on black Friday (day after Thanksgiving).  Before passing Longwood Gardens on the way to Oxford, Pa, I witnessed a large, bright shape in sky to my southwest.  It was blue, white, yellow & green. It had a white tail, like a shooting star.  It was almost like the Girl Scout symbol in shape.  I know, since the road was crowded, others saw the same thing.  It didn't seem to be documented on the news or in print."
"additonal witness to Peter Davenport report of ufo from Long Beach Wa Last night (8.22.18) while listening to Coast to Coast, I heard Peter davenport mention the witness' at Long beach that spotted a UFO.  I live about 2 miles south of the reported incident.  It was already dark out, due to the smoke from British Columbia and the marine air that pushed the fog onto the shore.   I was outside on my deck talking to my wife on the cell phone when I saw the craft moving north to south at about 60 degrees above the horizon.  There was no sound---just what appeared to be 4 red lights in a tight circular and or square pattern.  It didn't look like the typical lights pattern of a commercial or private aircraft.   I wasn't able to get my phone switched to video mode fast enough but did get one photo taken, which sadly doesn't do much justice to  what I way ((NUFORC Note:  My report on Coast to Coast on August 22, 2018, addressed a sighting in Long Beach, California, no Washington."
"Driving home from work, about midnight going down highway 71 southbound.  the weather was clear, moon was visible, normal air traffic flying as usual, visibility was far.  I had my cruise control set at 60m.ph, radio turned off, and windows partially down.   Around the zorn avenue exit, right outside of downtown Louisville.  I noticed about a half a mile ahead of me and on the other side of the highway, a object above the tree line. (TREE LINE RUNS DOWN BOTH SIDES OF ENTIRE HIGHWAY)   My first thought was wow that helicopter, plane is flying low.  Thats when the cruise control came off and i slowed to around 45m.p.h.  The object started moving across the highway, at a northwestern fashion.  This object was about 200 feet above the ground, about the size of a mini van or large car, and made no noise.  What made me notice this object was the lights, it had a series of bright green and extremely vivid colored lights on the bottom or belly in a V shape or triangl! e.  With the green lights at the corners.  There was also one red light in the middle that pulsed slowly, almost like a heartbeat.    I watched this thing fly directly over top of my car.  Looking through my windshield and up over my steering wheel, i noticed the silouette only because of the close by downtown city lights.  The object had round edges   almost like a football but wider, that made up the entire craft.  It was really strange,  the whole time i couldn't see the object only the lights, but they were so bright i dont understand how they didnt light up any part of this object, they should have, but this was black or cloaked is best described.  I continued to watch as it flew over and past me above the tree line on my side of highway.  I was able to see this object from the front, from its side, and from its rear.  No other lights were on this object at all, and living by Louisville you know what planes, helicopters, commercial and even some military aircraft look an! d sound like.  F.A.A requires all aircraft to use a red light ! on one s ide or wing, a green on the other and a white flashing light at the rear.  This object had only  lights on the bottom, nowhere else.   This is by far probably the strangest thing ive ever seen, and would really love to know what it was.   It wasnt a helicopter, it wasnt a plane, it wasnt a toy or R.c because it was too big, and think to myself would military be flying some drone or black ops over a highway with bright green lights, it doesnt make sense to me.  I hope someone else saw this thing because for right now im sleepin with my pistol close by."
"Two fireballs seen over Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. We were sitting on the patio at around 9:00 p.m. and witnessed the first of two fireballs pass over us traveling from NE towards SW.  About 10 minutes later, the second fireball passed over taking the same path as the first one.  To guess, they were probably 2,000 feet high, orange and yellow, and could have been meteors.  What we saw was identical to the report of 12/22/13 from North Palm Beach, FL except for the direction of travel of the object.  NPB is a 2 minute drive from where our sighting was.  They followed the flight path taken by planes making a landing approach to West Palm Beach International Airport, except they were at at least twice the altitude of a landing plane.  We noticed two planes take a slightly different approach after the fireballs went by.  Instead of heading SW, they took a more of a due south approach and then banked hard to the west, maybe avoiding these objects. Interesting."
"During a Gwinnett Braves baseball game looked up to notice a red light hovering in the distance.  Three people around me noticed.   I watched for a few minutes and it never moved.  It was reddish orange and seemed to pulse slightly.   After a few more minutes I looked away for approximately 5-10 seconds because the crowd became excited by a play that happened.   When I looked back the light was gone."
"Pulsating Fireball over Dana Point My boyfriend and I were sitting on our balcony at a hotel in Dana Point.  We were facing Northwest when we noticed a red glowing light rising up.  I have witnessed these things many times and I was excited to have him witness it as well.  He is NOT a believer.  He always tries o debunk what I see by saying it was Chinese lanterns or a plane.  He is now baffled by it, but I know for a fact we witness a red fireball.  It was bright red.  We were first noticed the fireball when it was the size of a tiny red star.  Then all of a sudden It grew bigger and then smaller as it was rising.  This thing was huge in the distance.  It grew to the size of a basketball.  Then would reduce to the size of star all while glowing and floating.  Then after about a minute, it shrank again and completely vanish.   My boyfriend of course was in disbelief trying to debunk it, but what sealed the deal was the helicopter to followed that circled for a good 15 minutes after it disappe! ared. NOTE:  We have not heard or seen one helicopter all night or ll day for that matter."
"Cigar shaped, featureless, smooth, chrome/metalic mirrored finish, that could blend with surroundings, becomes invisible. My sighting occured 11-20-14.   I have one of those quad rotor helicoptors with a go pro camera.  I live in Minnesota, next to Interstate 35, in a small community.   That day I was practicing with the coptor on the edge of town.\t  \tWhat I saw was a cylinder shaped thing.  Featureless.  Completly smooth.  The finish on the surface was like smooth chrome. Almost mirrored in appearance.  No wings. No external any thing.\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t  The way it moved.  Its motion, seemed like I was watching a blimp move along.  It was very slow.  I saw it first directly east of my location, almost right above me, traveling north.  I thought what the...   At that point i took my eyes off of it to manuver the coptor in its direction.  To get it on the gopro.  It was very difficult to vissually relocate. But i was able watch it continue on in its northerly direction.  It then just faded.  It blended with its surroundings.  \t\t\t\t\tIt was an orange sunset that evening.  The sun was low on the horizon.  And the thing had a haze around its lower half.   I was seeing orange light of the sunset reflecting off the surface of it through that haze.\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t  No noise.   I do have the video, but it doesn't show up. So..."
"1 Unknown Light, High Speed, South to North, Green White morphing light. This was at about 0315. I was playing World of Warcraft so i was up late, also being on leave from Iraq. I went outside for a smoke looking off at the woods having heard the dogs, wolves or whatever they were suddenly stop barking. The tree frogs that normally make a chirping sound had stopped as well. Going on a stright azumath of about 340 (north). The color is kind of hard to explain but it was white and green but sort of shifted as it passed like a car with the paint that looks 2 colors when passing by. It passed abut 30 meters west of me. There was no sound and no heat. I asm not good with elevation height but it would have to have been a good distance up but way lower than a plane would fly. The most accurate desription i can give on the height would be about the same height an OH-58 would fly on a recon if you have ever seen that. Though no sound or heat you could clearly feel something as it passed. It was not electrical or magnetic. It was not my nerves as i am traied to not becomefrightened at the sight of things, foreign or domestic. the tree line from my house is about 300 meters back, and to the front about 100 meters. given at its height i can most likely see it from 500-600 meters, and no extra distance going away given the close tree line. To travel this distnce it was about 3 seconds or less. No trail per say was left, but the air after felt different though i am unable to describe how,as i have never felt it before.  I am a trained soldier who works on networking for the military. I am around planes alot as i support them in their mission keeping their networks up. I am air assault qualified. I am aware of the military planes we are currently using that could fly with no sound. This was not one of them as at night they fly lights out and when lights on, red and green lights, and not that low, ever. I am at my parents house on leave from iraq so i am trained and adept at making note of all details possible and keeping them in memory. though when comming out they may jumble."
"Huge brilliant blueish white light over the desert, west of Green Valley AZ.,  Around seven pm..it lit up a huge dome or bubble, that lo9ked to be about 50 miles in diameter.  It moved slowly from north to south untill I lost sight of it l, because of tree's obstructing my view.  The blue white light was still visible for several minute's after i lost sight of the object. It looked like a comet, or what came to my mind was a \"silver seed.\"  ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Vandenberg AFB @ 5:26 p.m..  PD))"
"three very bright orb looking objects making those sounds very big very bright lights moving in circular directions above the ocean and proceed to disappear. This is a usual occurrence around here"
"two bright circular objects in the sky, appearing every night for five weeks now. Appears around 3:10am around yakima training center direction, it lasts till around 4am, and can sometimes also see it during the morning in broad daylight (first seen on june 3, 12 - current).  One will start to rise over the mountain top into view and come up, and continue going up, along with the second brightest one about 15-20 minutes later (also there was only one in sky for the first 3 days). The second one is very odd because it's for one the brightest, and it appears to be just hovering over the hill top or just past it. They're both bright and circular in shape. They have also been appearing for about 4-5 weeks now. I've never seen it before until I saw it rise one day, and where I'm living, i've been here for a couple months now and have never seen it before. (along with several other witness' who agree.) I've called the yakima training center and of course have gotten no response. It freaked me out so bad the day I saw it, I actually called the police lol.  They said a police office was enroute to check things out; but they never showed. I have a couple video's of it from the night I first saw it, and have sent them to the new's station for a possible explanation but no response either.  In total there has been 5 witness', and we all don't have any idea of what it could be.  They also never seem to go down, I know it might sound like stars (by god, I hope so) but it's so in your face.  I've been alive for a while and have never seen anything like this before. ((NUFORC Note:  Planets in E sky.  PD))"
"red circle in the skys of oxnard While waiting for my brother to take us to my friends place My buddy notice red circle from far away next to a star and it just started to move in a high rate in speed we spotted from downtown oxnard while looking north it lasted for about 1 min or 2 but it disapere. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orange, hazy light that was moving verry quickly then dissaperd. I was standing out side of my house when i saw two jets fly over my house.  I looked toward the north star and i saw what looked like to be a plane light at first.  I told my dad \"hey look at that plane, how come it does not have a blinking light?\"  Then he said it is gone. I tried to find it and it was gone.  If it was a low flying plane it would have still been seen in the short amount of time.  I tried to call my friend on my cell phone and i had no service.  I usually have service where I was at the time."
"A single object moving slowly across the sky at low altitude. Last Tuesday, May 13, 2008, at approximately 1:00 pm., I was photographing cell towers from my car window at the Wal-Mart parking lot in Marina, California, when I noticed an object hovering low in the sky in the left background then moving slowly to the right. By the time I parked and got out of the car the object was gone. I remained in the area for at least another twenty minutes taking additional photographs but the unidentified object never reappeared. When I got home and checked the images on my camera I saw that the unidentified flying object was visible on my first shot from the car window. That photograph along with an enlargement of the area will be submitted for your review. I am not a UFO advocate and have no idea what this object was."
"Very unusual. Diamond shape that had blue to green lights that moved from side to side. Changed from diamond shape to thin cylinder."
"White circle shapes moving counter clockwise north west. Four white lights going counter clockwise and meeting up in the center then spreading apart.  Circle shape in the north west area. In the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights?  PD))"
"Orange glowing ball hovering over Bentonville/Centerton AR area disappeared into the night I left a pool party to head home around 8:50pm on Saturday Sept 3rd.  I distinctly remember my daughter asking where the stars where that night and I explained to her that is was cloudy and there were no stars in sight.  We drove the few miles home and turned into our neighborhood.  I had the windows down as it was a pretty night.  I noticed a large group of people (approx 10 or so) standing outside pointing at something and saying things like \"Do you see that?, What is it?, Look at that thing!\"  I began looking out my window to make sure I wasn't about to hit something.  I could only see the houses on either side of myself.  As I turned right to go around the corner I had an unobstructed view out of my passenger window and I saw what was a bright orange glowing ball in the sky.  It appeared to be quite a ways away, but was very large and brightly illuminated.  It looked as if it was over the area of Hiwasse AR.  My first though was an airplane as XNA airpor! t is not that far away, but as I watched it I realized it was not moving.  Hovering in the air glowing bright orange, with no flashing lights that are the norm of an airplane.  It was like nothing I have ever seen.  I see airplanes often, I have watched satellites move across the sky.  None of these things are even close to what I saw.  It was round glowing fire ball.  A bright orange that would change to more of a burnt orange and back.  It then suddenly disappeared.  It didn't dart away, just disappeared.  I was so shocked that it didn't cross my mind to pull out my phone and take a picture or video. I was caught up in watching it and trying not to lose visual.  I pulled into my driveway and ran out into the road trying to find it again and it no where in sight.  I then noticed my neighbor out in her yard watching it as well. She had stepped out to let her dog out and noticed it.  She said she had been watching it for several minutes.  It was a glowing orange ball and she! said at one point it would dart away and then shoot back and ! hover. It did this twice.  At one point the orange glow went away and a blue beam of light came from it. It then flipped back to the orange fire ball color.  She watched it until it disappeared.  I have searched the internet and the newspapers trying to find reports of this and have found none.  I know what I saw and it was nothing that I have ever seen.  Not a plane, not a satellite, not a hot air balloon, and not a sky lantern.  I am hoping by posting here that someone else will confirm what I and at least one other person that I spoke to saw.  What I saw does match some descriptions of others from July 4th of an orange glowing ball that were in nearby cities from where I saw this one.  Strange enough, lately there have been a lot of military aircraft flying over the area since.  My cousin used to be in the military and has noticed that we suddenly seem to have lots flying over, where we never have noticed them before.  I don't thing we are close to any forts and never noticed th! em before now."
"I was behind my house, having a cigarette on the patio around our pool. I casually looked in the sky as I normally do, and noticed a very bright flickering star that was emitting blue and red lights. I stared at the object for a few seconds and saw it start to move in a zig-zag motion towards the northeast. I continued to watch the object, while another witness came outside and I alerted her to the object. She watched the object for a few minutes when it began to move again. The object would sporadically move up and down or left to right , and even looped in a horizontal circle several times. The object would stop abruptly without any inertia from the previous motion. The object made these movements in every direction, but would only move either vertically or horizontally at a time. For a few minutes I was under the expression it was in a scanning motions, which the lights were apparently scanning the area around the object. I alerted a third witness who also noticed the motions. The object moved around very randomly in the southwestern sky. The lights would dim and grow brighter. And twice I saw a red glow shoot out from the object horizontally and disappear. It appeared to be turning itself , while the body was moving as well. The lights appeared to be facing one direction but would change very quickly as it turned. The object then would stop, and move quickly off and on for several minutes. The objects movement was almost too small to notice , except for a few drastic movements that made  us gasp aloud. The object then stopped moving and slowly dimmed as it drifted west. The object was visible for about another hour, but did not make any movements in that time. The object faded from our site around 23:15. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Fireball coming from Fullerton area then over La Mirada and then blinking out over La Habra, California I was visiting family in La Mirada, California.  I was about 2 blocks south of the La Mirada Regional Park.  I had just finished talking on the cell phone and looked up in the sky.  It was 8:38 pm on Father's Day.  There were several planes in line to the north and northeast of me heading towards the Los Angeles airport.  And they was a police helicopter west of me; but what I saw south of me was not a plane nor helicopter.   It was not a Chinese lantern.  It was low, about the height of a police helicopter and was silent as far as I could tell.  It was traveling about the speed of a helicopter, but no noice coming from it.  For the first 10 seconds I could hear the police helicopter west of me and further away, but when the police helicopter flew further away, I could not hear it and could tell the object I was seeing was silent.  The object was closer than the police helicopter had ever been. What I saw was first heading about north, towards me.  It was a very odd color. No one looking at it could confuse it for the landing lights of a plane.  It wasn't solid yellow nor was it solid orange; but almost seemed light swirling parts of yellow and orange; mostly orange.  For just a few seconds, I thought a plane was on fire.  It then was moving eastward towards La Habra.  I am not sure if it turned, or if it was always moving in an arc.  Anyway, now that it was not heading directly at me, I could see a small reddish light near what looked like the top of the swirling yellow/orange light.  The red light was not directly on top, but near the top.  It was not blinking, but a solid light.  The red light was much smaller compared to the yellow/orange light. The last 10 seconds of the sighting, as it was heading about east, I could see a very black tube-like craft.  This blackness, at least from my angle, did not reflect the city lights.  In this part of Los Angeles county, the sky is not pitch black due to so many city lights.  So the craft was darker than the sky.  I could not make out a shape for the black craft.  But I could tell that the craft was about twice the size of the yellow/orange light parallel to the ground and about the width of the light. And then then it just turned off.  First I thought, maybe it disappeared behind some haze, but no, I could see a few stars where it disappeared."
"A light floating, moving, and hovering in the air. Well, to describe the \"UFO\", it was very large or very near my residential area, but it was this sort of light and it had functions of a helicopter and rocket moving at a minimum speed of a jet, and it was moving in many different directions above air then it disappeared from a distance in the air to the depths of space it went, the color was a bright yellowish whitish scene.  I'm only a teenager in intermediate school, so you should have noticed the improper grammar or the way I how I put the tone in place. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Lights in the southern sky which move, pause, and change direction. On 10-04-17, my daughter and I saw some strange lights in the sky and couldn't figure them out.  My daughter and I are both adults who enjoy watching the sky at night.  We are both detail oriented and I am a voracious reader. At approximately 6:10 AM, we were sitting on our covered patio.  It was still dark, the sky was clear, and stars were very visible.  The outside temperature was 51 degrees F.  We noticed a very bright \"star\" stationary in the southern sky and our first thought was that the north star should not be in the southern sky.  We located the north star, right where it should have been.  We then realized that the light in the sky was much brighter than the north star. We noticed that the light had begun moving in a westerly direction.  We have a lot of air traffic in our area, so we're familiar with the speed airliner lights appear to move in the night sky.  This light was moving faster than an airliner. All of a sudden the bright light winked out.  A few seconds later there were red and white blinking lights where the bright light had been.  The lights would move west, pause for a second or two, then move west again.  The lights paused and moved west 5 times.  After the final pause, the lights then began moving straight up.  They stopped long enough to blink twice, then began moving east at an even faster rate than the bright light had moved.  We followed the blinking lights for nearly a minute, then they disappeared. We have witnessed strange lights in the southern sky on several occasions over the last few years.  I finally decided to see if there could be an explanation for them. Summer of 2013, around the 4th of July, about 10 PM, I was on our patio, when I saw a bright light in the southern sky arc from the treeline.  It reached what would have been the apex of the arc and simply winked out.  Two seconds later another bright light followed the same trajectory from the treeline to the apex and winked out.  Two seconds after that a third bright light followed the same path as the other two and winked out. Initially, since it was fireworks season, I assumed they were just fireworks.  Then I realized that there was no noise, no flash, nothing.  The lights just winked out.  The lights were puzzling because fireworks, by their very nature, cannot maintain such precise trajectories, especially along an identical path."
"strange light in the sky I took a picture not having noticed anything strange and after some hours checking the photos I saw a picture of a ligth sphere in the sky first I thought it was a big piece of dust in my kamera but all the other photos are ok"
"Riding my bike at 11:11pm near my motel. I was riding my bike from Cumberland Farms and I took a left along a trail, following the light.  I knew it was different because there was a plane near the sighting.  I followed the light until it curved and hid behind the clouds.   As far as I am concerned, I witnessed several planes in the sky at the same time, but they were all blinking.  I was told that it must be the international space station, but I don't think so.   I have been looking for proof in the skies since I was an adolescence.  Now I have found it at 29 years old.  I even cried, asking, \"Why won't you take me away?\" as a joke.  I know what I saw."
"I saw 5 lights floating in a formation..  They \"burned out,\" or \"turned off,\" one by one... I took a video. I saw 5 lights floating in a formation..  They \"burned out\" or \"turned off\" one by one...  I took a video and tried to figure a rational explanation..  Flares burn out amd shoot up quicker..  Lanterns do not stay in formation. The lights stayed in formation for the duration and went out one by one. Then I heard planes."
"Facing SE from 2nd floor apt.  Facing Studio City/Burbank.  Glowing turquoise circular light. If I was holding up a dime it would have bl Facing SE from 2nd floor apt. Facing Studio City/Burbank. Glowing turquoise circular light.  If I was holding up a dime it would have blocked it. Caught my eye out open front door.  Guessing 10 stories high, as close as above the 2 story building across the street/night sky (3:15 am) facing Hollywood Hills backdrop/perception of height and distance might be off due to mountainous backdrop. Mimicked a \"stationary\" hummingbird's quick back and forth movement.  Felt slightly nervous/excited, forced my eyes away take photo, eyes back on light instead, duration 3 more seconds/light quickly dissolved, no trail, smoke, color change, no noise, no movement. Don't believe I confused this sighting with the various antenna on the hills.  I've lived in this unit 10 years; familiar with the lights on horizon.  I am also a sky watcher. Perhaps a telephone transmitter (my second thought), however, my fixation on the light was enough to contact NUFORC. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"150-200 ft long green lighted ufo in Indiana. in 2007 MY friend and I where taking our kids home traveling from Columbus, IN, to North Vernon, IN.  it was pitch black cold with a little rain.   As we were driving I look out my Pass. window to my right and witnessed a long craft hovering approximately 300 yards above the trees. half a mile out from the road.  It was a long bright green light. bright enough that, with the rain i could not see what it was that was glowing or that the light was attached to.  I alerted my  friend driving to look  she then witnessed this also.  after about 3 seconds the \"ufo\" shot in southern direction at a speed that confirmed what it must be, a ufo.  it shot off so fast it was if you could see it shooting out of orbit and around the earth in a matter of seconds from a dead stop.  what I saw changed my perspective because I cant deny what I saw in front of my face.  A 150-200 ft long ufo hovering then took off at a mind blowing speed."
"Very bright, spherical flying object spotted and photographed at UMass Dartmouth, passing over the woods behind the wind turbine. I am a photography enthusiast and often photograph landscapes, airplanes, and night scenes.  On this night I went to the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth to capture the library.  I was standing on the hill of the amphitheater when I turned to photograph cars passing on Ring Road in front of the wind turbine.  I saw a very strong, twinkling spherical light over the woods behind the turbine.  I initially dismissed the object for a star, but quickly realized that it was too bright and moving too quickly at much too low an altitude to be a star.  Having photographed Chinese lanterns before, I knew that this object could NOT be one, because it lacked the proper light diffusion pattern within the object.  The light was also too bright, almost white, and looked solid.  There was also a small airplane flying in the vicinity, at a much higher altitude.  I walked all the way to the turbine, while attempting to get better photos of the object.  I took as short exposures as! possible while also using a tripod. I set the camera on a timed shutter release to prevent motion blur.  It made no noise, and had a flight pattern that was almost completely against the wind at the time (very strong winds on the ground that night,  I had to hold my tripod). I took several photos and am very unsettled by the lack of an explanation.  Zooming in only furthers the mystery and I would like assistance in finding out what this object was.  I am emailing the photos for review immediately."
"White light vanished as it moved across sky. 10:15PM.  Clear, dry weather conditions, little or no wind.  Humidity level was very low, as a weather system cleaned out the humidity several hours earlier.  Stars were visable in every direction.  I saw  what would have looked like an extremely bright star move across the sky from SW to NE.  It was approximately 10X brighter than the brightest star, and moved in a straight line.  I witnessed this for about 20 seconds.  It was much slower than any meteorite and moved about the speed of a jet.  There were no blinking lights, and after 20 seconds, it dimmed, then dissapeared.  When it disappeared, there were no clouds in the sky, and I could see stars in every direction around where it vanished.  It was extremely bright before this happened, and there was no noise whatsoever.  It was whitish to a faint blue in color."
"4 fireballs side by side at approx. 8:30 pm, 4 yellow fireballs side by side and parallel to ground. seen above 2 story building from my second floor apartment. lights lasted approx. 1-2 minutes, then went out one at a time from right to left."
"I've seen this light in the clouds so far three other time's.  Going out to smoke twice in Bear once in Newark, DE.  I've seen the fireball type and the lazer beam type making Patterns years ago.  But this looks like a ghost light that toys in a perfect circle repeating itself for long periods.  It won't come out of the clouds.  And there is nothing but a pond below. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"two objects in western sky December 3rd 2006. 4:15pm. I work only 2 miles from where I live.  I was out smoking a cigarette on break looking due west.  Once again I was observing 4 separate jet liners and there contrails. There were two groups of two. The two jets to my left were about 2 min. apart and the same with the other two jets to my right. I was talking with a co worker when I first noticed something glowing and stationary in the sky just to the right of the group of jets to my right. At that same time my co worker noticed something moving from north to south perpendicular to the jets flight path. The stationary object vanished as the second object moved at a high rate of speed passing through all 4 contrails then also vanished. I and the co worker speculated about it for a little bit, and then he had forgotten about it. When I saw it for a second time in as many days I knew had to let someone know. So tonight Dec 6th 2006 I searched the web for sightings in my region when I came upon your page for similar sightings in eastern pa. I hope this information can help u and maybe help me as well. I have no witness for the first sighting but I can get a statement from my coworker on the second one if it helps. Keep me posted on what else I can do or anyone to contact on this issue."
"Huge triangular object in Jemez Mountians, New Mexico I was camping outside Santa Fe in the Jemez mointains, not to far from Los Alamos.  I was camping with 5 other families and three of them were police officers.   Around 9:30 every night this graet big triangular shaped object would glide through the sky and would stop directly above us where it would sit for several minutes before moving away.  We saw this 3 nights in a row and all of us thought we were seing things.   The police officers said that they would lose their jobs if they told anyone that they saw it.  It never made a single sound.   Finally on the 4th night I had a really strong spot light and had it ready when the things moved over us again,  When I shined the spot light on it, it moved so fast out of the area that it seemed ot have just disapeared.   I will tell you that we got a good look at it for a fraction of a second and it is massive and a full triangle, not like a boomerang.   I have been holding this information until I saw something on the discovery channel about area 51."
"Three bright lights of varying sizes, flying in circles while in a triangle formation, cows, radio and lights affected. Just outside of Platteville,  Heading north towards Gilcrest via Highway 85, 3 craft flying low in a triangle formation, spinning in a circle while in formation, then one after another, they vanish suddenly.  They are not much different from a sighting I saw over Gilcrest this year.  They were 3 dots in the sky of varying sizes, all just bright white lights.  But the difference was that this sighting the UFOs were in formation and the radio reception got fuzzy and the streetlights were flickering.  The cows in the field noticed it too. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"We were heading west on I70 near exit 26 in Ohio, just west of Dayton. The lights appeared in the southwest and I thought it was the lights on top of a tower. When we got closer we could see way more lights than there should be on a tower. It was up two or three hundred feet. By the time it was due south of the driver's window, I could see five stable, white, evenly spaced, very bright lights in the shape of a triangle with several orange and blue lights that flashed randomnly. No two colored lights flashed at the same time. It remained for 10 to 15 seconds directly next to the driver's window so it must have been moving very slowly. We watched it continue to the northeast until we could no longer see it. Because we were on the interstate we were not able to stop or listen for sounds."
"Three Red/Orange hovering lights in the Seattle metro area On the evening of July 4th, sometime between 11 and 11:30pm, I stepped out onto my balcony to have a cigarette. While there, I witnessed an object travelling from the east at a slow speed, at a relatively low altitude (higher than a sea place off Lake Union, lower than a jet taking off from Sea-Tac, if that makes any sense). I could not make out the general shape of the object, but did observe that it had one large red light, and a smaller orange light next to, and seemingly behind, the red one. The object executed a shallow turn, gradually heading south. It suddenly appeared to stop, and hovered for several seconds. About this time, an identical object came from same direction, following a seemingly identical flight path. It also stopped, and hovered slightly behind the first object. After it began to hover, a third identical object came into view, and fell into formation behind the previous two. The three objects hovered in what I can only describe as a loose crescent formation, for at least 30 seconds. Shortly after the appearance of the 3rd object, I stuck my head in the apartment and told my roommate they should come and see this. They came outside, and witnessed a good deal of the event. Sometime after the 30 second mark, the first object floated upwards and disappeared. Following this, the remaining objects moved closer together, and almost seemed to touch one another. They then separated, hovered for a few more seconds, and finally drifted upwards and disappeared as well. I would estimate the entire event, from the appearance of the first object to the disappearance of the latter two, was about 90 seconds to 2 minutes in duration. Though, frankly, it's difficult to say as I was more than a little surprised to be seeing this, and thus wasn't paying attention to the time. These clearly were not fireworks of any kind. Also, the lights on these objects were not consistent with what I've witnessed on traditional aircraft. There was no white/clear light, and none of the lights on the objects blinked or flashed at any time. They were also silent, and seemed to have a slight \"wiggle\" in their movements. There's a lot of air traffic in my area, so I see planes and helicopters every day. I feel safe in saying these objects were very odd, in both their behavior and appearance. Please feel free to contact me if you need any further information."
"BRIGHT OBJECT SPOTTED IN THE NIGHT SKY IN LIVINGSTON, LA. THE NIGHT WAS VERY CLEAR AND COOL.  I WAS TELLING A FRIEND ABOUT A SIGHTING THE PREVIOUS DAY.  WE JOKED ABOUT WHAT I HAD SEEN AS ILLUSIONS OR DELUSIONS.  THEN AS I WAS EXPLAINING WHAT I HAD SEEN A BRIGHT LIGHT APPEARED IN THE EAST. I POINT TO THE LIGHT A EXCLAIMED \" WHAT THE HELL IS THAT !\"   MY FRIEND THOUGHT I JUST JOKING, BUT WHEN HE TURNED AROUND, HE SPOTTED IT ALSO.  MY SON ALSO SPOTTED THE LIGHT.   THE LIGHT BEGAN TO SPREAD A GROW TO FORM A PERFECT TRIANGLE.  IT APPEARED TO BE IN THE UPPER ATMOSPHERE OR LOW ORBIT.  IT STAYED ILLUMINATED FOR ABOUT 3 MINUTES THEN BEGAN TO SLOWLY FADE OUT.  IT DID NOT MOVE FROM ITS ORGINAL LOCATION.   THIS WAS A VERY STRANGE COINCIDENCE BECAUSE I WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF EXPLAINING TO HIM A SIGHTING THAT I HAD JUST SEEN THE DAY BEFORE.   I HAVE NEVER EXPEIENCED AN UNEXLPAINED PHENOMENON BEFORE THIS.  I AM VERY LEVEL HEADED AND BELIEVE THAT THEIR IS A REASONABLE EXPLANATION."
"2 small stationary oval objects with white, green and a red lights on them. Was leaving a business in Northfield, Ohio, when I noticed 2 oval objects in the sky that weren't moving.  White light on left of \"craft\" longer green line type of light longer than the white light - and a red light on the right side of craft. The objects were southwest of where I was positioned.  I drove home to Akron (Ohio) and the craft were still visible from my home - still in the southwest sky, but appeared somewhat closer than when I observed them in Northfield, Ohio. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness and found her to be quite eloquent and sincere.  We suspect she is a very good witness.  We do not know what she witnessed.  PD))"
"Clear blue sky facing north east unknown object appeared in photo upstate NY January 31, 2019.        On the morning of Wednesday January 30, 2019, my wife and I were cleaning up snow from the previous evening snow storm.  I believe it was approximately 11:20 am. The sky was  clear and a brilliant blue which my wife was admiring and started taking pictures of with her iPhone 7. Since it was so bright outside she went into the garage were it was darker to look at the picture she had just taken. She noticed the object in the photo which she hadn\u2019t seen in the sky when she took the picture, immediately she went back outside to see if it was still there which it wasn\u2019t. The picture was taken facing northeast ."
"this video shows millions of different colours,unseen at normal speed, I believe is a language using light frequency i\"ve seen this ship several times now it lit up very bright.i yelled to my son to get my video camera and got approx a min on tape, this video shows communication in light frequency,of some sort.when i slowed the video frame by frame,it shows millions of different colours, unseen to the eye at normal speed,,i believe it is a language,and is an important find, contact me if you wish to view this video..."
"My first impression was this craft(s) was from the design board of Star Trek's Walt Jeffries. UFO sighting 12 AG, 2015.  Shortly after 10:00 PM, CDT, I went outside on the south end of my house to watch the Perseid shower.  My chair was facing east and I was rocked back and looking mostly overhead.   Within a few minutes I noticed a northbound object.  I knew this was not any kind of normal craft. Probably within five seconds the white \"craft\" blanked out, reappeared and then browned out completely.  OK, that was really an eye catcher.  The object, actually in four parts, had passed west of Deneb in Cygnus and toward the small constellation Lacerta.  The object truly hit me a little humorously, as a design that might have been from Star Trek's Walt Jeffries. Pondering for a couple of minutes, I noticed a jet coming out of the north northwest.  Within seconds it was overhead and I noticed a white \"rectangular\" light in about the same area where the jet came from.  At first I thought maybe the International Space Station.  A second look seemed to show my original sighting object in a right hand profile below but with no distinct separation of the light.  Describing a subtle rising arc, it was south of Polaris and heading east toward Epsilon Cassiopeiae.   Enough!  I took the few steps into the house to grab my 20 X 80 binocs.  And true to form, it had disappeared. Time was ~10:15 CDT for the first sighting, and at the very most, five minutes total for the entire event. There were no lights of any kind on the objects. No beams or rays. Overall, a not so intense white. No noise whatsoever. Relative size for both, a nail of the small finger held at arm's length. The second sighting seemed to show a very slight haze around its entirety. Were not birds or as one suggested, a drone!  Accompanying Illustrations:  Two old, but trusty, Edmund Scientific circumpolar star maps showing the trajectories of both objects. Three quick gouache sketches of the objects. The first two describe the northbound object at full light and the second starting the brownout. The third attempts to show the hazy and apparent right side of the craft and just below \"centerline.\""
"Northern Lights ?? Right! On our fall vacation, while enjoying the full moon over lake superior we noticed a strange light going across the lake from north to south glowing red then dimming then glowing red again! Not a ordinary type of jet or aircraft, there is a lot of strange lights going on over that lake , this is not the first time there was a lighted object in question! In fact I think you have another report for the two harbors area for october!!!  Then it stopped in the middle of our viewing area and just floated in the sky for awhile just bobbing up and down and from side to side slightly! then started moving north again until it was out of sight! very strange ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A huge bird shaped object, formed from other birds, hovered silently over the sky in Milledgeville. I was nine years old when it happened, and even to this day I can't understand why the distant memory sticks with me. I remember playing alongside my grandmother's house on a summer day, while enjoying the company of three close cousins.  We had ran around chasing one another until our feet tired, only to seek for shade subsequently after.  I remembered talking a little after that when, after standing up from where I was sitting, saw what looked like a big flock of birds above.  It looked as though they were shaped, or in a oval form like a bigger bird, but they didn't flap instead glided and were very quiet.  I was instantly aware that this wasn't normal bird activity causing me to go into sheer panic.  I ran for my life.  The others, who were left behind, kept starred at it.  Whatever it was I remember it headed east.  It was the strangest thing.  I still wonder what it was exactly."
"Blinking light seen in the sky near palisades pkwy exit 12 Northbound in Pomona, NY While driving home to our apartment in Garnerville, via the Palisades Interstate Parkway Northbound right before exit 12, we observed a large flashing white light in roughly the same area of the sky and the same place we saw the hovering light the night before."
"Disc-like object with blinking red and green lights hovering over North Port, Fl I was driving home from Naples,Fl at appox. 11:15pm and noticed a disc-shaped object above me as I was approaching Sumpter Blvd. on US41.  It had blinking lights:  red and green that appeared to be blinking in a clockwise pattern. I was talking to a friend of mine on the cellphone at the time and commented on seeing this object up above me.  It appeared to be stationary except for the spinning lights of red and green."
"3 red glowing lights fireball objects moving north to south in Houston area moving about 2 minutes apart in same flight path. It's dark outside around 6-7pm on Sunday night, Jan. 4, 2015.  Spouse comes in from the back patio and a little excited tells me he saw an object moving pretty low from the north across the sky over the recently cleared property behind our house.   Here's his description:  A big ball of fire with ropes moving in the wind and hanging down with balls of fire!  First thought was: meteor.  No, maybe a weather balloon on fire and falling?  We live very close to the big intercontinental airport and there were lots of aircraft landing at the time; they are low and you can see the entire plane with blinking lights. I go to the front yard facing south.  I see a glowing red object like it was on fire and in the same flight path as the first object which spouse saw flying north to south.  About 2 to 4 minutes later I saw the third object.   These objects were not the average aircraft like I saw flying to land at the airport.  These objects were not on a path to land like the other aircraft.  The 3 objects all followed the same path and same speed.  These objects were not ordinary but appeared strange.  Pics on my I phone were blurry.  Thought about the Bible stories of the 'chariots of fire'.  No idea what they were.  Anyone else see them?   My digital panel on the back of my stove has been out for several weeks and several hours after incident the digital clock on the panel was working. My husband has worked in construction for about 40 years and is in supervision. I am a homemaker and we have raised 3 children and we have 6 grandchldren.  We have been married 40 years and are both in our late 50's.  We are Christians and I really don't believe in extra terrestrials.  I have never seen anything like this before!"
"round saucer with bright lights circiling around it My wife and I were loading our kids into her car. She pointed to the sky and stated to me what's that. I looked up and saw a round craft with white lights going around the craft in a circular motion. The disk was flying low and emitted no noise. the object had a continous small red light on top of it. The object was moving slow and i lost it in the trees. My wife sketched what she saw the next morning and what she sketched was a picture of saucer which you see in the movies. We were very confused and mesmerized by this event. Never seen such a thing."
"Object caught inside lightning in 960 frames super slow motion, incredibly fast, makes turn I was shooting Lightning In super slow motion (high speed camera) and got a surprise when I played it back at 32X slower than normal.  I made still frames at various points in the video as explained below, and will release the video at the proper time.  The single object appears to be cylinder shaped, but also looks to be tumbling/or shape changing, but I think tumbling.  When looking at the stills and video, it must be remembered that it was shot at 32X slower than normal.  Due to the high frame rate, it will appear to be going at normal speed.  I refer to it as a \u201cperceptual\u201d speed, that is what the mind perceives it when viewing. Very important to remember that the video is 32 times SLOWER than normal. It is the small brown dot/cylinder in the sky moving through the lightning event. No other aircraft were visible during storm. It was a strong lightning storm, and aircraft avoid those.  There are trees in the lower foreground. Due to High speed capture, they move 32 slower than normal.  I'll give you a little info on the stills. They are numbered by frame.. The 1st frame is 11:02 (11 sec, 2 frames).. In the video it drops from the top of screen and makes a turn into the lightning, passes THRU lightning, (12:21 is inside plasma, you can see the faint dot) and exits to the left (17:09)  These photos you are getting are compressed for web transfer. The originals and video are better quality and more clear.  The video was shot in 960 frames a second, slow motion. Normal Video speed is 30 frames a second. I was shooting a lightning storm facing due north to see what lightning looked like in super slow motion. The Lightning event I captured took \u00bd second to happen. When the camera shot it, it captured at 960 frames a second, there by, the playback of the lightning is 16 seconds. When I played back the video, I saw the object. The object appears at the top of the screen dropping down and making a curve turn of approx. 85 degrees and heads to the west. I was shooting the video over the top of some trees, at about a 45-degree angle, to at least a mile in the sky.  The object takes 7 seconds to travel across the screen. If the video was in real time (perceptual speed) it would be going as fast or faster than a jumbo jet (380-600 mph) and is a mile away (due to the 5 second delay of thunder 1000 ft. sec x 5 = 1mile approx.). If perceptual speed is @ 500 mph, then real time is 16,000 mph. The camera shoots at 960 frames = 32 x slower. If the object was only 100 mph perceptual, then it would be 3200 mph. I observe passenger jets daily (airport close by) and they travel slower then this object if the object was traveling the same perceptual. (if I didn't shoot in slow mo. and the object moved the same in vid as if you were standing and observing)  The lightning event occurred in 1/2 sec real time, slowed down to 32 times slower, 16 seconds to play out the entire lightning event. the object takes @ 7 seconds to travel screen. That means the object traveled the distance in .223 of a second. That is fast. You would never ever see this with your naked eye. I have not calculated the distance traveled by the object yet, and am working on that."
"One rotating blade ( but rotated very, very slow). No sound. I saw an object moving 3,000 to 4,000 ft in the air moving 15-50 MPH To the NW.  No wind at all at my location.  Object appeared to have one revolving blade (like a helicopter).  It rotated so slow that I could watch the blade rotate.  It was not a helicopter.  No noise, and it should have fallen straight down due to the slow speed.  I was on top of a grain bin at the time I saw it."
"Orbs arranged in a triangular formation fly across the night sky. This is an image I recreated of something my fiance and I saw. We both agree that this is an extremely accurate representation. The two smaller stars travel with the orange star from slightly behind and on each side. No sound, medium altitude, no flashing lights, clear night.  We saw this go from horizon to horizon at above-average airplane speed. The picture I made was as viewed from the front as it approached.  When it got over us the orange light seemed to have been attached to the front of the vehicle, shining forward, which would have become less visible as the front pointed more and more away from us.  It had two small, dim, orange lights on the bottom of it, (not pictured). Again, this is not an actual photograph of what we saw, but it is an extremely accurate representation we made."
"I saw a white blueish light the size of bright star shoot across the sky from right(southern) to left(northern) in a downward angle, then change to a straight( eastern) direction away from me then disappear."
"Orange lights appear/disappear. About 6 orange lights appear one by one in a line or a triangle, then disappear.  Event lasted for about an hour we also observed what appeared to be military helicopters trying to get closer to the lights."
"Perfect sphere almost translucent but with a slight cloud like color moving across sky Driving home through West Mifflin, PA, we were stopped at a light at the intersection of Route 885 and Lebanon Church Road.  It was a very cloudy evening, and the sun was going down, but it was still bright.  Our kids (ages 19 and 11) started yelling to look at the UFO moving through the clouds!  The entire sky was cloud covered, so my husband, my mother and I had trouble finding it.   At first I thought the kids were just messing with me because they know I believe in UFO\u2019s and no one else in the car did, so I didn\u2019t look.  However, the panic and excitement in their voices along with the frantic pointing made me think this might not be a joke.   Due to the amount of heavy cloud cover, I was still unable to see it.   They took the cell phone and made a clear live picture of it moving very quickly in a straight line.  I have to say, when we looked at it, you can clearly see a perfectly round sphere moving quickly through the clouds just as they said.  Other than its shape being a perfect sphere, the color was odd.  It was the same color as clouds but slightly lighter.  Not metallic, not white, almost translucent.   That along with the perfect round shape and the fast movement made it visible against the back drop of the darker blue cloud.  It could have easily gone unnoticed if you were not looking in its direction.  This was not an airplane.   My husband, the complete skeptic said, \u201cI don\u2019t know what it was, but I know it wasn\u2019t a plane.  It certainly was odd and something to consider.\u201d ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that she is a highly reliable witness.  PD))"
"2 UFO's with redish/orange lights floating above me I was walking out side to smoke a cigaret and try to see some fire works why I was at work at aprox: 10:25pm when I looked up in the sky I saw a orange reddish Light coming towards my direction I thought it was a blemp or something Bright as part of a show for the 4th of July but it Wasn't it was a circular UFO with bright orange and Yellow light surrounding the body of it I tried to Focus my eyes but it was too bright it flew right Above me 2 min later I saw another one right Behind it at that point I tried to take a pic with My phone as it flew pass me it had a cracklin Sound very loud it shocked me to see it at that time I stood in the parking lot froze.it looked like It came out the mountain from a distance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Translucent, Crystal Ball On Thursday, 17th of October, 2019 around 6:25 AM (Pacific Time), I spotted a translucent, whiteish light (looked like a crystal ball) traveling south to north at around 2,500 ft at a fast and steady pace.  I see airplanes and jets all the time, due to living close to Auburn airport, and being within the flight path(s) of Seatac International airport, and this was something I haven\u2019t seen before. I\u2019m not sure of the speed, but it was faster than the pace of private jets and planes that I see on many occasions at around the same altitude."
"low vapor sound in sky, accompanied ground rumbling I was standing outside my house.  I heard a low, vapor sounding noise.  It was accompanied by the ground rumbling under my feet.   But, NO visible object seen. Minutes later, helicopters were circling the direction I heard the noise heading to (North)."
"Three bright orange lights move in formation I went to look out the window before heading up to bed around 11:50-midnight.  It was foggy but there was a crystal clear sky above.  Lots of stars visible.  But also, above the eastern horizon, above the tree line (25-45 degrees above the horizon I\u2019d guess) was three bright orange/gold lights, like fireballs perhaps or like the golden glow of  burning bits from a firework that fall to the ground at the 4th of July.  They were, of course, in a triangle formation being three of them but they were configured in a way that appeared as if they were attached to a monstrous jet plane.  The lights were brighter than any star in the sky and bigger too.  It did not appear to be moving much at first but looked as if it were perhaps coming at us.  My husband joined me at the window to see.  It turned,  all three lights in formation, to the north as if it were a jet banking to land and began to head in that direction.  I ran outside to see if I could hear anything but t! here was no sound and by the time I got out there it was fading and I watched the last light trail off to the north until it disappeared/burned out.  There was no noticeable flickering, barely a wavering of the light but it faded to a darker gold/brown before disappearing completely as a coal extinguishing slowly.  All of the movement was very slow, no sharp turns or sudden acceleration.  We thought first of the leonid meteor shower and hoped it was related but neither of us had seen any meteor behave in such a way."
"Purple-Pinkish colored light hovering, then slowly moves East, speeds up & makes hard turn North, stops, then moves East again... At approx 7:50pm on 12/20/2014, I walked outside and noticed something that looked like a sort of amythest-colored, purple-pinkish light in the sky.  It was completely odd and caught my attention right away.  It actually looked like 2 lights side-by-side, horizontal to the ground,  very close together or possibly even attached.  Brighter than a star.. well, brighter than Sirius (which appears in the Eastern sky this time of year)  I started watching it, completely perplexed by the color.  My first thought was that it might be someone playing with a drone, but it wasn't like any drone I've ever seen (I've seen a few in my life.. my neighbor even has a large one).  The light was steady and brilliant, not flashing.  It didn't have the typical red/green, flashing lights that you would expect from an R/C toy or airplane.  It wasn't a satellite either.  I'm former military (Navy Electronic Warfare) and I can assure you that I've never seen anything in the sky with the same color light.  In fact, the sky was totally overcast that night, but below the clouds it was very clear and there was good visibility.  No stars were visible, nor could I see any of the usual air traffic heading into the Bay Area because of the cloud layer.  When I spotted the object, it looked like it was maybe 200-300 yards to the East at less than 500 ft in altitude... essentially over my neighborhood.  At first it looked stationary, like it was hovering.  Then it started to slowly move East (away from me).  I noticed that I couldn't hear any 'drone' sounds.. nor any other sounds from planes, etc.  As I watched, it seemed to speed up a little, the all of the sudden took a 90-degree left turn (at speed) and moved a short distance before abruptly stopping.  I would estimate it moved maybe 200 yds in less than one second.  I literally said  \u201c#@!*%$&!*\u201d out loud to myself!!   That's when I realized I had my phone in my left hand... duh!!  I immediately launched the camera and started to record some video.  It's not great video...  the object looks really tiny, almost invisible on my Samsung s5, but you can certainly see it when playing back on a laptop, or something with a bigger screen.  It looks like a white star moving away fr! om me and unfortunately, you can't see the purple-ish color, it just looks like a white dot.  By the time I got the video going it had started to move Eastward again, slowly almost wavering a bit before moving behind the trees across the street from my house and out of my view.  Several minutes later I was still outside trying to play back the video and one of the typical airliners that I usually see flew overhead.. I couldn't actually see it because of the cloud cover, but I could definitely hear it.  So, whatever I saw and recorded that night was flying below the clouds and not making any noise.  It wasn't a plane or any other celestial object, not a drone, missile, meteor, etc.... I'm somewhat of a trained observer...  I have a military background and also have a couple pilots in my immediate family.  Unfortunately, the video is only a few seconds long.  At one point I tried to zoom, but it went out of view, then I un-zoomed and found it again.    I'd be happy to share a link to my Google drive if your interested in seeing it.  Otherwise, I don't really want to post it online anywhere.  Curious if anyone else has report something similar?  The color was amazing hard to describe.. neon fuchsia, pinkish-purple... really really odd, but pretty."
"Lights circling the skies of  Kokomo Indiana First we and our neighbors heard a loud sound like an explosion that shock the houses. When we went outside to check things out my husband looked to the sky to the west of our house and yelled for me to look right away. There were several lights circling the sky and when I called my sister she said the boys were telling her they seen the same thing. Three dimmer lights remained in the sky for about another 10 minutes."
"Object spotted overhead moving quickly from east to west with three linear non flashing lights. Enjoying the hot tub with my wife looking up into the very clear night sky and witnessed a moving object never seen before.  It had three non-flashing evenly spaced lights in a linear formation moving quickly from east to west.   There was no sound emitted and could not judge the elevation of the object but it was moving quicker than any normal plane would.   Observers are 40 and 50 and would like to think this was not a drone or something similar."
"Sphere of light traveling quickly across the sky at dusk, yellow, orange, white with a long trail behind.   The sphere was heading south or southeast and disappeared into the sky or behind the hills.   It is hard to know how high or large or fast this object was but it did not resemble any object I have ever seen and was large enough and odd enough to make me stop driving and not want to go in the same direction it was traveling.  My three daughters who were with me also saw it.  I made several phone calls, trying to find out what it was and was sure many others would have seen it and that it would be on the news.  I was dismissed.  Probably they thought I was crazy."
"It was 5:10 AM, I was looking out the window at the moon. There were absolutely no stars in the sky anywhere.  I saw this object just above the moon and slightly to the left and it changed from whitish to light bluish and back to whitish.  I took 2 pictures, batteries went dead in camera.  I went in the house and replaced the batteries, when I came back out about 15-20 minutes later it was gone.  I took 2 pictures while it was there and 3 pictures after it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Two photos sent to NUFORC.  It looks to us as though it may be a bright star, but that is only a guess.  PD))"
"It was round and highlighted green with an outer light green layer.  Weasel it up close then disappear n within 2 seconds it appeard in the fists nve in the mountain around 5 this morning.  I should have taken a picture /:"
"3 fading light in the the sky As I was facing west I was talking to a friend when he asked me if I saw the light in the sky at first I saw a ane and then I saw what he was talking about and It look like a light in the sky that got bright and then dimmed out and then it got bright again and then it disappear then two more showed up and did the same thing and the last time a saw them they were far away"
"Three lights in the shape of a triangle traveled west to east across the sky.  The lights were a redi orange color.  Either three craft in a triangle shape or a large craft.  Very dark and cell camera wouldn't catch the lights I'm the sky"
"Three bright orbs of light over San Antonio suburb. AT 9:30 at night in a San Antonio suburb, myself and my two friends were outside talking when a bright star caught our eyes. Then we noticed that this unusually bright star was gradually moving upwards into the sky. We thought it was a comet, but it couldn\u2019t be, it was moving upwards.  Then the light started to gain speed, and as it moved upward, this bright object broke up into three identical orbs of light, we tried to get a closer look but by that time the orbs had disappeared behind the trees."
"flashing lights and changing direction flying object flashing changing direction and flashing pattern and changing colors. Have video"
"5 Gold Sun like Round  Objects appear, do manuvers, then one comes and hovers over the vessel i am in... Summer of 1978.  My captain and I were commercial fishing for salmon off  California coast.   The wind came up real bad and  we ran the vessel to an anchorage  of near Pointe Reyes. California. North of San Francisco.  A small anchorage it was. As a deckhand, I  began to do my work icing the fish.     There was another vessel in the same  area.  It had not called to us, as we left our marine radio on. It was late afternoon.  But still light. before dusk.  It has been some time but I will try to tell as i remember.   As I was looking out of the fish hold, I noticed  a large bright Golden Light as it came over the Pointe of Land north of the anchorage.  The Light was round. It stopped above the Land. Then 4 more arrived.  One at a time, lining up and hovering.   A straight line.  They  were not way up in the sky, but say, like a Seattle space needle distance, (maybe almost a couple).  Somewhere during this I yelled to the Captain to come out of the vessel cabin.  They , my captain, stood near, as by then I was out of the fish hold and on deck.  The  Round Sun-like Lights  did  what looked like manuvers.     They   lined up, and did different formations, changing from one to another. They all did this in close distence to one another.  Such as  a cross, a long line,  maybe a sort of pyrimid. They did this for a while. It seemed to be all for us watching. This kind of dance in the low sky.  As time went on, one Round Sun-like Light came to our vessel. It hovered above directly.  As I looked up, all I could see was the same form we had seen from a distence. It did not hurt my eyes. I saw no craft. It hovered low, but the Glow from it did not surround the vessel. I looked for a long time up. Finally, I looked around, and noticed my Captain was gone! I ran yelling their name to the cabin of the vessel.  I found them below deck. On their bunk, with a book in their hands, looking down. I said \"What are you doing in here? They are still ou! tside! \"    My Captain notified me,  they could not deal with ! it, and they were not going back out.       I left them, and returned to the deck. The Light Ship as I will call it. Was still there.  I stood there more time, with it overhead.           Finally it lifted up in the sky, and returned to the other 4 that had been hovering in a straight line.        Once again,  different directional manuvers were done, then all took off together. Very fast in a northerly direction.                             When they left, a voice came over the radio, we had left on the whole time. We had not called anyone during this. the voice was a young crewman from the only other vessel nearby.  He said.  \"Did you see That!?\"      I responded to his call,   but then my Captain came up, from the bunks below deck.        I do not remember right now the further talk, but it was brief.      I still had work to do to ice the fish.  It was now getting dusk, though not dark.  There were no clouds during this time.  My Captain did not want to speak of this  much.   The Coast Guard was called, and was asked of anything going on that day/afternoon. No. No flares. Nothing reported by them. We did not report to them our sighting.    The strange Lights  left, and next day so did we. Once in port. We drove out and questioned the locals in the area. Not much to say, but they had seen strange lights off and on they said.   I do not remember the other vessels name.  I do not feel I should say mine, at this time, nor my Captains name.   I can say this, one year later in Oregon, south of Bandon, I saw what I think were the same 5 Light Ships.  They appeared just before dusk just off the beach, as I was looking from the land out to sea.  I was praying for guidence, as i had some decisions to make. The  5  Round Sun-like objects, lined up in front of me over the ocean.  Then just flew off very fast. It seemed to just let me know they were there.   I ended up living for a time in that area. there is more,   more sightings. i have entered a few others.  ! The other sightings were different craft. Not just a Light.! I ente red of the sighting of the Phoenix Triangle craft.     I will end this now. if I can remember more, I will add it.  It has been some time.  I do not tell people. very few know of this.      thank, for letting me share this.  maybe, that young man from the other vessel will, or has told his side of what happened.  He did say, that he had not wakened his Captain, who had a bad heart, and was sleeping.  So he had been a crew like me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Large triangular craft seen hovering over power lines It was around midnight on April, 20th, 2009.  I was driving down the highway to bring a friend home when we both noticed a bright light about a mile or so up ahead, low to the ground.  As we continued to towards it, the light became brighter and still remained low to the ground.  My initial reaction was that it was a spotlight or a low helicopter or something.  As we drove up on the object, which was about 50 yards off to the side of the highway in a field with high power lines, we both stared in awe as we noticed a giant triangular shaped craft hovering above these power lines.  I was driving and my friend was in the passenger's seat, so he had a better view than I did.  I kept looking over at it every second or so and what I saw was a triangular shaped craft about 60-80 feet long on the longest parts and three bright yellowish/orange lights shining from each corner.  We took a right turn at the next light about 100 yards up the road and pulled right into a parkin! g lot next to this field.  We got out of the vehicle and stared in awe at this giant craft, not making a single sound, just hovering above the power lines.  As we stared at this craft, my friend gets in the car and pulls his camera out.  About this time the craft starts to slowly ascend into the air.  As he takes out his camera to take a picture, the camera reads, \"Memory Card Full\".  He had just taken a pictures a few hours earlier of the night and had not filled up his card yet.  I found this to be very unusual.  As the crafted started to ascend, it rose in somewhat of a rocking motion, then in an instant, it pretty much disappeared from sight."
"Orange colored sphere stationary, very low over lake, accelerates fast, high and away as approached At the time specified, my girlfriend and I saw an orange flickering sphere hovering 75-150 ft over Webster Lake (stationary). We were in the car. It was an unlit highway.  I  rolled down my window and it remained still.  We drove closer after turning around getting off the interstate to investigate.  This took about 4 minutes. I thought sure it would be gone. It remained and as I approached (500 yards away now), the sphere, very smoothly accelerated upward and away fading into the north east sky.  I am an Aviation professional and cannot compare color, acceleration, or rate of climb to that of anything I have ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Dark oval shaped object had shooting star object launch from it overhead before continuing onward. was looking at the night sky. Saw dark object which i originally discredited as a stray branch or wildlife slightly above the treeline. object began to move around in an unnatural way, and a shooting star like object seemed to launch from its left side, disappearing below the treeline out of sight. after a few more movements, dark UFO passed overhead and moved beyond roof. aside from unknown projectile from object, no lights were visible. was only able to notice the object because it was much darker than surrounding night sky."
"11/10/14 around 10:00pm - V shaped light formation over in west Reno My girlfriend and I had just arrived at her house when we exited my car and noticed a set of lights in the sky and looked up towards the west portion of the sky looking towards the Sierra Mountains.  We were around the Raley's supermarket off of Keystone drive.  We saw a \"v\" shaped arrangement of lights moving relatively slowly, the same formation that geese take when in flight.   After about 30 seconds the lights became dimmer and after 10 seconds the lights were completely gone.   I tried to get my camera out but the lights had completely disappeared by then."
"Flashing Lights Moving and Stationary In the South to Northwest Sky On 30 September 2010, I observed an interesting celestial phenomenon, the like of which I had never seen before.  I will describe this event so it becomes part of the historical record of such events which occur and might be explained if other people also observed it or know of events or occurrences which can identify or explain it. My home is located in the town Burlington, WI some on Bushnell Road.  My lot is about 3 acres in size and has treed and open areas, along with my house and three other outbuildings.  From many places of my lot, I have excellent visibility of the sky in all directions.  I can easily get to all of my lot from any of my structures in just a few seconds. I returned home from work approximately 6:30-6:45 PM and entered my detached garage with my automobile.  Immediately, after entry, I let 2 of my dogs out of their kennels to get their evening run and spend time with them.  After about 15 minutes I returned them to their kennels in the garage and gathered items from my automobile and garage to bring them into my house.  I entered my house through the attached garage service door and put my items down on the stair landing in the garage.  I then let out my pup from his kennel in the attached garage to have his run as well.  Again after abut 10-15 minutes, I returned him to his kennel and then I brought my things into the house. Knowing I had to look for something in my detached garage, I returned to it and quickly found what I needed and set it aside to use later.  It was approximately 7:00-7:15 PM as near as I can estimate since I did not look at my wristwatch at that time.  When I left the service door in my detached garage I happened to look up in the western sky.  I observed a red and white flashing light and figured I had seen an airplane and this was through the trees.  However. I did not see it emerge from the trees and so I kept watching the sky above the tree as I was walking to my house.  Suddenly, I saw the same light phenomenon as I reached a point when I could see a large expanse of the western sky. This flashing light group appeared to have red and white flashing lights some short distance apart on both sides of what I will describe as a horizontal access.  It also had white flashing lights at either end of a vertical access.  My cartoon of this description is attached.  At first I thought this was simply an airplane heading approximately NW according to my position of observation.  Suddenly, this thing stopped moving and seemed to hold its position in the sky.  I continued walking westward and cleared any trees and other high obstructions to my view of the westward sky.  I was in my neighbor's yard at this time. This thing made horizontal tracks in the sky in each horizontal direction.  I will designate this as right and left directional movement.  It moved at least 10 of its lateral width's to the right, back to its original position and then at least 10 of its lateral widths to the left and then back to its original position.  It could move quickly ~ 1 second for the complete right or left directions or very slowly ~ 10 seconds for the same movement.  It could also do this vertically, which I would designate in the up and down directions.  I watched this for about 15 minutes.  Then this thing seemed to fly off in a NW direction and stop again.  I watched it do the same maneuvers and started scanning the skies to the north, west and south which were visible from my position. To my surprise, I saw several of these objects in the sky!  They were all doing similar maneuvers and as I counted them, I was sure I counted approximately 8 to 10 of these things.  The were positioned from the southeast to the northwest from what I was able to discern.  All of them were able to make the same movements as I previously described. I was moderately excited to have observed these things and I went inside my home about 8:15 PM to rest and recall what I had seen.  As I said, I have no idea what these things are and I first thought maybe the military has a new flying object and was testing here in Wisconsin.  Also, could these things just have been air traffic in some kind of holding pattern for Chicago/O'Hare or Milwaukee/Mitchell airports.  I heard no sounds coming from these things as well but I will also state, these were quite high up in the sky and maybe inaudible to me.  I cannot think of any other information to put into this short report.  Below is a stylized layout of the flashing lights I saw on that night. Below is a sketch of what I saw in the sky, which are the flashing light positions.  The crossed lines are for my reference to draw the \"thing\" to some degree of scale as I can remember.  If there is an explanation, please let me know what it is.  Thank you."
"Lights inside a cloud-like covering over a pond. I am about the most skeptical person you will ever meet but after about 15 yeas I am going to recount an experience that I and my wife had. I have only spoken about his with my wife since but it is still very much in our memory. Extremely clear and, in fact about the most clear memory I have from my past. That in itself is very odd to me.  It was early winter (Dec/Jan) 1993 and we were living in a rented house on a pond in Windham, NH. I was sleeping at about 2:30 am and was awoken by light dancing on the ceiling of our bedroom. It was not that unusual as the pond water would reflect car headlights going by. The odd part was that I felt threatened and actually a little scared and I am not sure why. I am a pretty big guy and not much scares me, but this was very creepy. I do not know why, but I got up and went to the back yard. When I looked up I saw what appeared to be a round cloud (like a big cotton ball) about the size of a tractor trailer, slowly rising and hovering at the other end of the pond. Inside this cloud were several lights that were pulsing on and off. They were blue and white and the \u201ccloud\u201d material seemed to expand and contract around it, almost like liquid. There was absolutely no noise at all.  I actually do not remember getting to the shore of the pond or even leaving the house but when I realized what I was looking at I was completely amazed. I do not remember being afraid at all but what is a bit frightening now is how I got to the shoreline of the pond. This loss of memory has never happened to me before. That really haunts me because I have no absolutely no memory of it. At this point I went back into the house and woke my wife up. I asked her to come outside and she did. It was still there and she saw it. It had moved a little further away and higher in altitude (I would guess it started at 100 feet and when my wife saw it, it was at 500 feet) We stood there for a few minutes and didn\u2019t say anything. She looked at me and said \u201clet\u2019s go in\u201d.  As we went back to the house I do not remember if it was still there. That is another thing that really haunts me. We went back to bed and looked at each other and were pretty much too amazed to talk. I do not remember falling asleep but I did and as soon as I woke up for work I asked my wife if she remembered it and she just said, yes. I asked her to describe it and she did to a tee. After that she asked if we could not talk about it. She was clearly shaken by something neither of us could explain.  Every now and again we do talk about it but never with anyone else. I know this sounds weird but this is coming from a guy who just does not believe any of the UFO stuff. Even today I find myself doubting every report I hear but I listen closely to see if what is being reported is described as a cloud with lights pulsing inside of it. I have yet to hear a report that comes close to what I saw so I will just leave it at that. I am a professional manager with a large software company. I still live in NH. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Camano Island  Wa.       illumination  3 to 6mins.           White  illumination viewed from Everett Wa.  05/22/07 As we were watching the sun set we noice a illumination over NW. Washington Camano Island. It shot upwards and split into two. Than the two light move away from each other and came back togather and soon it disapered."
"Rescue attempt of three hikers on Mount Hood, Oregon. As a recovery of a hiker's body was being broadcast on CNN at 6:51pm ET a fireball was seen above and behind Mount Hood as Chinook Helicopter hovered over the peak of Mount Hood. The fireball appeared to be located behind Mount Hood and above the summit and was seen for a couple of seconds live on the CNN broadcast. The fireball appeared to be white in color and moved from left to right rapidly across the television screen."
"chromed object in sky Sunday, July 11, 2010. While in my pool, I noticed a blurred space in the clouds that moved across the sky.  This lasted about 15 seconds.  Then it turned into a chrome winged chevron shaped object for a split second and then disappeared through the clouds at a very high rate of speed."
"moving light in sky for over two hours My husband and I, and friends were camping at a field in Sturgis,Mi.  It was a biker event for children.  We were sitting around the campfire (2:00 a.m.) and observed in the sky a light darting around.  At first we figured it was a kite by the darting motions it made.  After watching it do other maneuvers we ruled that out.  I took my camera out and attempted to take pictures.  Not knowing whether anything would show up because the object was so high.  I watched for at least 2 hours and it was still there in the sky when I went to sleep.  When I arrived home I downloaded the pictures and with zoom it appears that there were two crafts not one and in a circular shape.  Also, some kind of trails that I can't explain."
"Erratic White Light I was outside in the yard at around 2 in the morning, and was looking at the sky to determine the weather for the day, when I noticed a bright white light on the South Eastern sky, it started moving so at first I thought it was a plane but there were no blinking lights just a bright white ligt, it then started moving towards the south east and was going very erraticly making sharp 90 degree turns that no plane, jet or helicopter could have done and the bright light would dim and brighten again, which was strange in itself because there was no cloud cover.   Really bothered me and did not know what to do.   Also it would be stationary for 20 to 30 seconds and I continued to watch it for about 5 to 10 minutes.   After concluding that it was not a regular aircraft I logged onto the internet and wrote this."
"Light that moved. Saw what appeared to be a very bright star. The light subtly flickered and began to move, increasing it's speed with distance. It was then obvious that the light was a craft, a ufo, that traveled untill we lost sight of it."
"Light was fast coming from North Heading south.  Light slowed down.  Started turning east toward the pentagon Constellation.  Appeared to be climbing altitude.  Got really slow disappearing behind this Constellation/ship ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"My husband and I witnessed a formation of lights above Ashburn, GA, a on I-75, headed south 01/26/15 at approximately 7 pm.  There were six horizontal lights bright yellow orange lights that one by one turned off..it was gone for a few min then the lights were back and one by one shut off..."
"Green orbs seeing accidentally while capturing some photo full moon .but when looking at bare eyes icant see.  But when i came looking at the phone it was there! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  Based on the person's description, we suspect that the green objects may be lens flares.  PD))"
"Witnessed a blue glow followed by a streak of light in Melbourne Australia 10/02/2007 My finace and two sons (aged 7 and 10) were walking along our driveway towards our house when a blue glow lit up the area around us, including the sky,  which caused me to look up towards the source.  It was a stationary object in the sky which appeared to be oval.  As soon as I looked towards it, it took off in a south eastern direction at such a speed which no human machine is capable of doing.  It left a trail similar in appearance to a vapour trail for approximately a 15 degree arc across the horizon which was bright blue in colour. The trail faded gradually over several seconds.  The whole event took no more than 5 seconds."
"Matte Black Spiky Ball, Sea Urchin-like Floating Object When I was 6 years old in the Summer of 1999, my parents told me that I was allowed to dig in a certain portion of our house's yard, along the side of the house.  My best friend would come over every day after school and we would dig with garden trowels for fun.  He was crouched to my left digging alongside me one day, and as I turned to speak to him I saw a spiky black ball floating about 2.5 feet off the ground.  It looked like a matte black sea urchin, the body portion was roughly basketball-sized, with approx. 1 foot long spikes protruding in every direction.  The object did not have a metallic or reflective surface.  My friend saw my eyes go wide and he looked as well. The object passed us close enough that I could have reached out and touched it.  It floated past him, then past me and through our wooden fence without breaking form whatsoever.  It phased through like one would imagine a ghost walking through a solid object.  It turned around the corner of the house and I never saw it again. Thankfully, I was a clever enough kid to ask my friend what he saw first so he wouldn't just agree with me in his panic.  He described the same thing I had seen.  I almost wish I hadn't asked him first, because now I can't write this off as my imagination.   I recently found him online and asked him if he remembers the event as it has been nearly 20 years.  He does recall the event as I described, except that he remembers the object/entity as a \"purple blob\" and not as a spiky black ball. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I reported this same object last week ,so far three times i have seen this blinking object which moves horizontially and does tight circles . It is west north west .my husband agreed it was not a plane ,star,planet ,as it does dissapear after a few minutes of watching it . It blinks red and white ,moves right and left and is not in the sky every night . But i have seen it three times in the past week ."
"Two southbound whitish cigar/rectangluar objects observed flying in tandem above the shores of Lake Huron. Observed while stargazing in the hottub in windy and partially cloudy conditions were two whitish cigar/rectangular shaped objects flying lockstep in tandem, side by side maintaining a gap between them equal to their own length.  Concealed at first by clouds, seeming to emerge below them perhaps descending to a lower altitude, the pair carried on their southern bearing out of view at a steady rate of speed.  At first mistaken as shooting stars, then thought to be seagulls which typically wouldn't be flying in small numbers at this time of night, no other seagulls were seen in the area.  They looked to be following the western shore of Lake Huron, 1.5 km west of my residence."
"Line of twinkling lights falling from sky It was a long line of twinkling lights falling slightly Northeast toward the ground, far off in the sky.  It looked like a crack in the sky at first, but I noticed tiny twinkling lights kind of coming down in a stream. ((NUFORC Note:  SpaceLink satellites.  PD))"
"Spherical object appears in sky above building, circles to the right and drops below roofline.  Video available my daughter, while trying to record birds chirping using the video recorder on her mobile phone, recorded a spherical object above the roofline of the building next door.  The roof creates an artificial horizon and it is difficult to determine distance from object.  It comes into view from the roof line to the right of the chimney, goes up and around in a circle to the right and disappears back down below the roof line.  Duration of object in line of sight is approximately 3 seconds."
"Several orange fireballs over Davenport, Florida. I was outside looking for my dog who ran off earlier.  I noticed several(at least20) fireball like lights descending from the sky.  At first I thought they were stars. But they were orange and moving.  They all moved in formation. They were like a flock of birds. I watched until they all went below my fence line.  But then 3 of them ascended and got smaller until they disappeared. Then 1 more did the same.  And 1 at a time, they all did the same.   I got a little on my camera.   I have never seen anything like this before."
"Triangle lights hovering over Cowen Heights There was a craft hovering above the back side of Cowan Heights in Orange, Ca.  It wasn't moving or making any sound and had 3 bright lights in the shape of a triangle.   It was not a helicopter or any remote controlled vehicle.  It was hovering about 500 feet above the ground."
"Bright round orb in sky appeared to be moving slow.  Carefully watched and the light dimmed and lowed in sky then brightened and rose back up quickly then after a couple more minutes it disappeared."
"I was driving home one night at 2:15 am after work with a friend. We were going over the Brooklyn Bridge from Manhattan and about half way over the bridge we saw a flash in the sky at about the 2 o'clock position in the sky facing east. The closest thing I can think of describing this is a flash of lightning. It was almost like a flash from a camera comming from the middle of the night sky. There were no clouds in te sky, there was no rain or thunder and was'nt hot enough for heat lightning, being that it was alost Thanksgiving. We both saw this and we were both taken back by this. This did'nt happen again on the drive back to Staten Island that night. We kept looking up in the sky to see if we can see it again. The part of the sky we saw this flash in was not obstucted by apartment buildings or any other structures. This was a clear view off the bridge facing south east. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE)) Hi. My name is ((name deleted)). I emailed about 2 weeks ago about a flash of light in the sky a friend and myself saw driving home from work one nite at 2am. You directed me to find out the exact date and we figured it out was 11/20 at 2:15am. This was the situation where we were driving home form work and comming over the brooklyn bridge and we saw a flash in the sky at the 2 o'clock position No lighting, thunder rain ect ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Giant Silver Ball Hanging Over Akron In the Late 1960's In 1969 or 1970 when I was a little girl I saw a UFO. I lived on the North Hill in Akron, Ohio. One summer night, I believe late in the summer there was a giant silver ball in the sky that just hung in the sky for about 3-4 hours in the middle of the day. It was hanging in the western sky. The whole neighborhood saw it, in fact I think they may have even talked about it on the news. There was a Goodyear Blimp Hangar in Akron so the first thing everyone thought was that it could have been a new weird shaped Blimp, but they said it wasn\u2019t the blimp. It was just a great big silver ball and it didn\u2019t move. The adults in the neighborhood did not seem to be afraid of it, so I wasn\u2019t scared but I have always wondered what that dang thing was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I casually glanced up in the sky above me and about 100ft i saw a craft shaped like a blimp but was almost clear like it was trying look like a cloud i stared at it as moved a few miles an hour till it was out of sight. I thought that couldnt be any plane it was going to slow with no sound it wasnt a blimp it was almost haze or clear colored like it was trying to look like a cloud . No lights no trail just a haze around it."
"Bright orange triangle shaped lights over Bradenton, Florida Three triangle shaped bright orange lights moving quickly from southwest to southeast.  All three moved to the same point in the sky and then just disappeared."
"bright flash lights up the sky and vanished My friend and I were walking down the street when we saw an oval shape in the sky. It had lights all around it, and then it lit up the sky and disappeared. later after the sighting we saw a man in all black following us and when we noticed him we turned around and he disappeared."
"I was at a friend\u2019s house in Lafayette, Colorado, to watch the predawn Meteor Showers at 4:00am.   We were standing outside having a smoke and getting ready to light a fire when I looked up an saw what looked like a flock of geese (V shaped object at first) flying towards us at about 300-500 ft with no lights. I pointed out to her what I was seeing as it was approaching our direction at about 30-40 mph.  We were able to see directly underneath the ship and saw a gray triangle object that was completely silent.  I started running after it between my friend\u2019s house and the neighbor\u2019s house to get a better look, and it disappeared directly in front of my eyes. The crazy thing is, later we saw other UFO\u2019s flying around, but nothing as cool and clear and vivid as the first one.  There\u2019s a lot of UFO activity in that area.  Check it out for yourself. ((NUFORC Note:  See second report from same witness.  PD))"
"NJ UFO? Waiting for my daughter to come out of the Motor Vehicle in Somerville NJ, I just started cloud watching. After a few minutes, I saw, what I thought was a high flying plane or bird. I was amusing myself watching it go in and out of the clouds. Sometimes it never left the cloud it was in, which is what really made me pay attention. It was flying up and down and forward, never backward. I tried to capture the image on my camera but there was bright sunlight and it was causing too much of a glare. A short time later, a plane was behind it.. almost following. A regular craft. There was a marked difference in the way this one was flying in comparison to the first one. That's what made me think this was a UFO....then they both disappeared. I found this odd because we aren't that far from Newark Airport in NJ"
"Beautiful 2 orange fireballs traveling slow, west to east, second ball dissipated."
"orange light over Macomb, MI As I was driving home at 10:00pm the night of June 9, 2012, I saw strange lights in the sky.  I was heading east bound on 23 mile rd in Macomb township Michigan, I looked off to my right when I seen what I though these were fireworks burning out but the lights lasted to long.   I pulled over in a subdivision  to try to get picture on my phone but it did not work. They were orange in color and formed a like snake figure in the sky moving slowly in the sky  to the north.  I would say that the last one in the formation started moving a little faster then the rest.  The ones in the front one by one started to disappear as the one in the back started moving up (north) then it started to move back south.  It felt like the light were there for a long time and I know they were there to long to be fireworks burning out."
"Orange orbs fly over neighborhood At 8:00pm, my husband and I were sitting outside in our back yard. I was looking up in the sky admiring the stars facing northeast when a orange orb came over our neighborhood from west to east.  It had a steady slow speed without making a sound.  At first I thought it was a fireball since it was very bright in color.  As we watched it pass over us and toward the mountains, it held its course of direction and speed.  After about 3-4 minutes, another orange orb came over the same flight path, with the same speed.  It was heading in the same direction as the first one.  It too, flew over the mountains and we lost sight of it. This is not our first viewing of the orange orbs in our area, however it is the first time they were this close to our neighborhood."
"orange fireballs in the sky 4 orange lights suspended in the sky then started to shoot across the sky slowly like fire,  even when it went out there was a circle aura i could see in the sky  i videotaped it with my iphone but you can't see it well.  ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the sighting occurrect at night, and we have amended the date above.  PD))"
"Fireball flies in the sky At about 10:45pm on Saturday July 5th at the corner of Atherton and Center roads we saw a ball of fire with a glow around it about 100 to 200 yards above us not moving. It then slowly drifted east then shifted quickly southwest. It stopped for a minute then quickly rose up into the atmosphere until it looked like a bright star. It then started moving North until it disappeared as it approached the Big Dipper."
"Low flying, triangular UFO with lights over Jonesborough Tennessee Tonight is a rainy night with low cloud cover.  I was driving a back road close to my home when I noticed a bright light just above the tree line to my left.  As the aircraft passed the trees and was in clear view I noticed that the object was triangular in shape.  It had a bright white light on the front and 4 evenly spaced white lights on the back.  The lights did not project a beam like a landing light will often do, and the lights were a clean white versus the yellowish tint associated with an incandescent light.  The aircraft itself must have been black because I could not make out the shape against the dark clouds other than the shape that the lights produced.  I estimate that it was approximately the size of a commuter jet from front to back, but it was definitely not a commuter jet.  It was moving from east to west at approximately 40-50 miles per hour and at an altitude of about 2000 feet at the most.  I did not notice any strobe or other colored lights associated with commercial aircraft.  I also was unable to hear any sound, and I had rolled my window down to see if I could hear anything.  I turned around in a driveway to follow it and see if I could get a better look and by the time I got back on the road it had apparently sped up enough to get out of my sight or had gone into the clouds.  With the weather being pretty bad, it was very unusual to see an aircraft of this size and altitude in our area, and it did not look like any conventional aircraft that I have seen before."
"Triangle shape with no lights, no sound, hovering behind a electrical storm following it. This is my 2nd object that i seen in my life time and i am 20 years of age,  It was around 10:30 pm as myself and my roommates walked out of our back porch, smoking a cig, and we walked out a little more to the yard cause there was a storm that passed by and my first roommate was looking up into the sky and asked what is that and then thats when i looked up into the night sky and see  a slow speed like a dark but lighter color then the black sky under the stars with no wind at all and there was this triangle shape object with round edges and no lights on it at all and made no sound i would say going about 35 mph and appx 100 feet up and the flight path going made a small curve heading towards Needles California, right behind the storm which was a electrical currents ,"
"I had completed my shopping & took a seat outside of the Frys store to wait for my driver. As I sat there enjoying the beautiful day, looking south across Speedway Blvd behind the Walgreens on the South side Of the street. I noticed this Electric Blue rectangled object just hovering over the near top of a Blue Palo Verde tree situated behind the Walgreens in the desert. I grabbed my Android, engaged the automatic button triggering the camera & just let it rip. Then just as quick as this electric blue rectangled object appeared. Poof.  It was just gone. Quite possibly due to the bright desert sun none of the pictures revealed my sighting. The incident sighting that lasted approximately 4 minutes. That day was not my first sighting. Years ago up in Sedona I spotted several sightings. Those sightings were of silver spheres. There ya have it. Thank you for your mission in pursuing the truth."
"Bright ball in the sky.  Looks like a bunch of little light balls being sucked into the center.  Like moths that are hovering around a bright light, then get swallowed by the light when they get close to it.   Still out there now probably be a while before it leaves.  BE ON HIGHGROUND easily hidden by trees and roofs. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright balls of light hovering in the sky over Oceanside, CA. I was on the south side of the city returning from a class and I noticed two large objects in the sky, my first thought was helicopters because the seem to be staying in one place, my home is about 4 miles from where I first saw the lights there were two large clusters of yellow light, then it changed and there were four for a minute I thought they were street lights but they were to high and to yellow.   I watched them my entire trip when I got to my house they seem much closer to the ground and it appeared to be two objects I went in to get my partner who is a retired nuclear physicist and my binoculars.  I could see what appeared to be smoke rolling of of the top of one of the objects then is just disappeared.   Looking through the binoculars the other object appeared to be two very large circular shapes almost on top of each other, in the back round I could see faint light in the clouds of the other object.  The circular object that was still in the sky appeared to have lights all around it and a smaller circular object in the middle with lights around it as well then it started to fade and disappeared.  When I was on the south side of town the objects were very high in the sky but on the north side of town they appeared lower still the view with binoculars was more defined that what I saw just looking with my eyes.   My partner was astounded and could not find an explanation as to what we were seeing. I took photos with my iphone and the objects just appeared to be small balls of light that were very far away.   After they were gone you could see the smoke through the binoculars behind the clouds and faint red balls in the sky.  I have three photos."
"4 fireball red light in formation Eastvale, Ca at 9:42PM: 12/31/13   My mother and I walked outside of our house to sit outside and enjoy New Years Eve when I started to glimpse up at the mountains.  As I was looking over the houses towards the mountains, I saw four flashing red fireballs.  They were about 3 times the size of a star.  So I showed my mother and we were in trying to figure out what they were.   Then all of a sudden they started to go into formation.  They eventually formed into a straight line.  We were watching for a few seconds then one disappeared.  Then the remaining three fireballs slowly appeared to be floating and zig zagging away.   After about a minute they all just vanished into thin air one at a time.   We also have this on video.  My mother ran in to get her cell phone at the very last minute.  We able to capture the last remaining fireball or whatever it was."
"UFO traveling from north to south near Clermont, FL area; went down, then up, and then disappeared across sky. I just heard you last night on Coast to Coast AM and started screaming because I thought you were reporting what I saw Tuesday night, and then I realized the sightings were two days apart! My sighting sounds just like last night's in Davenport, FL, except that I live in Clermont (the next town north of Davenport), and it happened Tuesday night 12/3/13, around 7:45 pm EST while I was sitting in my backyard.  The UFO was traveling from north to south in the area west of highway 27! I actually saw it go down for a minute (then it got blocked from view by my neighbors large house), and then it came back up after a minute. It traveled a little more and disappeared.  It was flashing colors from orange to red.  Around the same time a jet airliner with bright red lights showed up.  I found another report from 7/20/13 in Davenport, FL, reporting the same thing, including the jet airliner that came from east to west.  The details were identical to mine!  I saw several other UFOs around the same time also flashing orange to red, but the one that went down and then up really caught my attention because there are no airports in that area; so I wondered where on earth he could be going if he was going down to land.  Orlando airport is east of us, the direction the jet came from, but the ufo was in the west.  Nothing there but empty fields."
"Bright orange object hovering over incoming air traffic. I was taking out some trash at night when I looked to the eastern sky (towards the Inland Empire) and observed an unusual orange ball of light hovering in a stationary position high above incoming air traffic headed towards LAX.   About 15 seconds after, this orange ball of light slowly begins to ascend to a greater altitude then stops to a still position for 20 seconds(like a bright star in the sky), then the object slowly comes back down to its original position (from when I first noticed it), all of a sudden this orange light gets brighter then dims down to a deep red color then turns black and disappears from the night sky."
"MY HUSBAND PULLED UP TO OUR HOUSE, 4 WERE HOVERING IN A STRAIGHT LINE. TWO GRADUALLY DISAPPEARED. THEN THE OTHER TWO DISAPPEARED.  I PULL UP TO THE HOUSE AND MY HUSBAND TELLS ME WHAT HE SAW.  I THEN LOOK UP AT THE SKY TO SEE TWO TWO HOVERING ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE SKY AND THEM I LOOK TO THE LEFT PART OF THE SKY AND SEE 6 OF THEM IN FLYING STRAIGHT AHEAD IN PAIRS.  THEY LOOKED LIKE ORANGE FLAMES BUT WERE FLYING AROUND VERY CONTROLLED AND UNIFORMED LIKE REGULAR AIRCRAFTS BUT I HAVE NEVER SEEN THESE TYPE OF LIGHTS AND MOVEMENT BEFORE BECUASE WE LIVE CLOSE TO JFK AIRPORT AND IN THE SKY WE KNOW HOW AIRPLANE LIGHTS LOOK. ALSO WE DID NOT HEAR A SINGLE SOUND FROM THESE AIRCRAFTS WHAT SO EVER. IT WAS EXTREMELY SILENT BUT HOVERED CLOSE."
"Fleet of unbeleivably low flying airplanes searching for UFO's with spotlights I saw an object in the sky moving slowly and I kept my eye on it. It began to pick up speed and I pulled into the nearest open parking lot I knew of so I could see all around. There were objects all over flying in the area. 2 objects were shaped like triangles and were not moving like normal aircraft. They were kind of just floating by slowly.They would slow down and then speed up again like something I've never seen an airplane do. The 2 I saw floating slowly were black and had lights on each corner. The object also had red bright lights on one side of the triangle. The other objects I mentioned were planes but there were about 20 of them I saw just flying over but very low to the ground. These planes looked like jets of some type. The 20+ planes would turn on a really bright light and then they would turn them off. You almost couldn't see the plane when they turned their lights off. I'm not sure if they were the same planes flying back and forth really low to the ground, or if they were different planes coming from different directions. I have never seen planes flying this low in this area and they were coming from every direction.  They were flying extremely close to one another as well. There is no close airport or landing strip that I know ofin the area. I am not sure if these planes were looking for these weird objects I saw floating by or if they were performing some type of test operation. They were definetly looking for something. It was the weirdest thing I have ever seen."
"Wingless, tailess, Silver bullet/flared point tail; 5000' 12 miles from WPAFB; no movement; no exhaust Was in my work vehicle heading south on us-42 when I noticed a silver object in the sky that appeared to resemble an airplane.  I then paid no attention to it until I was on the exit ramp from 42 to u.s. 35 East.  I glanced up at it and examined it a little further, I then noticed it hadn't moved anywhere for at least 30 seconds.  Upon further examination I noticed that I could see the nose of the object it was not conical it was round.  I then noticed that the area at the rear of the object was not tail shaped but had a black point that protruded in the opposite direction of the nose.  The sky was extremely clear at this moment I could see no other objects in the vicinity for referencpe.  This craft or object was at approximately 5000 feet altitude.  The object did not move if it did move then it moves slowly in relation to my vehicle traveling 65 miles per hour.  Unlike the speed of an airplane which exceeds the speed of a vehicle when the perspective is from the ! vehicle.  About a half mile down from the exit on 35, I then exited off the highway onto lower bellbrook road.  At this time I was not in sight of the object and was anxious to get around the curve of the exit ramp so that I could get another look at it by then I was pulling my phone out to take a picture.  Once I came to a stop sign I glanced back up in the sky where the object had been and it was no longer there.  It being an extremely clear sky I looked and looked for the object again.   There was absolutely nothing in the sky any longer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Massive ship Andy 7 smal lights 6 balls of light following one massive ship.  Main ship was very bright and slow moving.  A very low pitch sound was heard by me and a few friends."
"Sighting in La Mesa,CA  \u00a0 When I was in first grade, walking home from school with friends I ( we) witnessed a saucer in broad daylight. It made no sound and flew very fast. It came from the western area of the city and stopped in mid air above the general area where we were walking. Immediately it flew back to a hill in the western portion of the city. I am not sure if it flew over the hill or landed on it since it was quite aways away. We were dumbfounded and that is something I will never forget!!  \u00a0 ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Fireball fast moving to Earth.  Witnessed a bright flash of light that looked like a plane burning or meteor descending at 30 den north to south.  Looked to be landing or crashing to the ground."
"comet like ball of fire seen falling from sky in Duluth GA saw a comet like ball of fire falling from the sky, at first I thought it was a shooting star but was larger and appeared much closer to the earth, it left a trail and then disappeared as if it had burned out before it got too close to earth ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A group of darting/revolving round white lights moving together at a very high speed across the sky. I also made a report last night, about 30 minutes after seeing this, to a site called UFOSNM. Today is Monday Jan 30th 2012. Description: I live in Washington DC. Moving almost exactly from east to west (I have checked the direction on google earth) at about 7:20 pm today (01/29/12) I saw a large group of round white lights, maybe 10 or 12 of them, seemingly apart from each other, in a group, moving far too quickly to be plane/jet/etc.  Although the lights moved around each other at a very fast rate, the group traveled in a straight line  It looked like each white light was moving around each other in a pattern.  Somewhat like bees do around a hive.  I have no idea what this was but what I do know is it was not like anything that I have ever seen before.  I should add that this could NOT be any aircraft known. This close group of revolving/moving lights moved across the entire sky in approximately 10 seconds.  Fantastic, whatever it was.  I might also add that I have never made any such report before.*other than note above. The sky was clear at this time.  No way to determine altitude.  I watched this \u2018group of lights\u2019 until they reached the horizon and faded out. The reason for me making this report is that,  1/ Being the nation\u2019s capitol, I think that this should be looked into. 2/ I would like to find out if there was any other report of what I saw, seeing that we have so many aircraft in this area. I am 60 years old.  Have good eye sight with glasses.  UK citizen.  Registered Alien (not a joke)."
"Red glowing lights in the Cocoa Sky These occurrences happened on two different nights of this past January of 2012 early part of the month.   The first was at 10:00 at night, my husband and I saw two red lights up above a low flying airplane coming over the top of our house.  We had just laid down for the night and I looked out and saw this plane coming towards the house and flying lower than normal.   That's when we got up a looked and saw two red lights up above the plane and behind it a bit.  As if something was following the plane.  It was not a military plane but a plane indeed, perhaps a Cessna.  The two red lights then darted off to their left and behind a cloud.  One came out the other side and continued east. The next night at 7:00 I looked outside and two more were in the sky and they seemed to join together then dart off in opposite directions at a very fast speed.  One just seemed to stop and disappear.   I've seen a few strange things like this in my life and it makes me feel like there must be others that are embarrassed as I am to report this kind of thing. I see there was another report on your site made in the ealier part of Jan. similar to our sighting and in the Cocoa as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Fishers Island, Long Island Sound there was a large lamp shade/flashlight light in the sky for 10 seconds+  it fadded away into the sk Beach party early in the night. 20+ people saw most of the event. 10+ saw it \"turn on\" and then called out to the rest.  There was a light in the sky like a huge lamp or a flash light. It was turned on over Long Island Sound and very obvious light.  We saw it and then it faded slowly UP outward away from us.  It did not go right, left or down, it just faded away. the light lingered in the sky for 20-30 seconds and everyone sort of got over it.   It still bothered some of us.  It was nothing like anyone had ever seen not a plane or satalite or anything people who live on an island and looking at the sky had ever seen. It is dark and boring here, we all look at the sky all the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD))"
"Silent aircraft flying in formation at night without nav lights. Co-worker glanced upward and was staring into the sky.  Asked myself and another co-worker \"what are those up there?\". Myself and second co worker look straight upward and see slow flying formation of dark  triangular silhouette of high altitude aircraft against the backdrop of clouds and open sky.   The aircraft were very fluid in their flight and were without any lights as well as being perfectly silent.   At seeing the first craft before noticing the others, my initial thought was that it was a large gas filled balloon, or perhaps a trash bag caught in the jetstream, but upon noticing others, I was able to make out a very noticeable triangular delta shape to each craft silhouette in contrast to the sky.   These were definitely not birds or any natural animal but some sort of craft flying silently and without any navigational lighting or other illumination.  My guess is military stealth possible electric propulsion. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"On Saturday, October 27, 2016, I was walking down 50th Street.  It was around 9:00 pm.  I happened to be the only person on the street at that time.   I saw a light in the night sky in a Northern direction towards the Hollywood Hills.  I first I taught it was a LAPD police helicopter.  However, when I stopped and look saw it was two orange balls in the night sky. At first I thought they were moving.  However, then I realized they were stationary.  They just stood in the sky not moving.  I was alone on my street and couldn't figure out  to do.  Then I said to myself let me take a picture of the objects.  Before I could get my phone out to take a picture one ball disappeared leaving a shining orange sparkling light, then completely disappeared.  A few seconds later the second one disappeared exactly the same way."
"Odd, distinctively shaped craft seen at 21,000 feet east of Manteca by two commercial pilots This sighting occurred while I was acting as Captain during a routine cargo flight in a BE-1900 from OAK (Oakland, CA) to BUR (Burbank, CA).  We had leveled-off at FL210 and were cruising just south of Manteca VOR (a navigational aid near the city of Manteca, CA).  Traffic at this time of night is usually very light and quite easy to spot at ranges exceeding 50 miles.  ATC (Oakland Center) routinely advises us of traffic in our area.  While on a mostly southern heading, I noticed a somewhat unusually colored light off to my nine-o-clock position (east of us).  It appeared to be close to our altitude, but many miles distant (over the foothills of the Sierra mountain range).  Normally, lights seen at that altitude and distance appear to be of a clear white color\u2026 usually the recognition or landing lights of another aircraft descending into the Bay Area for landing.  This light was exceptionally bright and very yellow in color.  I pointed it out to my First Officer, in passing.  He also remarked on how bright it was.  I\u2019d seen unusual lights like this one before \u2013 both out over the ocean and on descent into the Bay Area over Concord, CA.  They\u2019d always turned out to be oil refineries/rigs burning off gas.  This light did not flicker as those had.  As we continued our flight to BUR, we\u2019d occasionally look out to the left to watch the light \u2013 which, over time grew both larger and brighter.  After about five minutes of observing the light, it began to take a definite shape and seemed to be paralleling our course.  The top portion of the light was semispherical, and the bottom portion formed a clear \u201cV\u201d shape coming to a point at the base.  Over time, this \u201cV\u201d shape with a pointed-bottom became larger-and-larger.  Our curiosity piqued, I asked my F/O to call Oakland Center and ask if they had any traffic on their radar at our nine-o-clock, same altitude.  They replied saying that the only traffic in our vicinity was an opposite direction King Air descending out of 13,000 feet (which both I and my F/O already had in sight).  No traffic at our nine-o-clock was seen on radar.  We continued to watch this bright yellow light grow in size over the next ten minutes, until it filled about a four-inch square through the window on my side.  It was impossible to accurately gauge our distance to the object, or its true size, since we didn\u2019t have any other visible references against with to judge it.  Anecdotally, all I can say is that it was both LARGE and of a VERY unusual shape and color.  Other aircraft lights (while flying at night) uniformly appear to be circular points of light, and are all in standard colors (red, green, white or white strobe).  The light we saw did NOT appear to be a light ON an aircraft \u2013 the light appeared to be the entire outline of some sort of aircraft.  As I said before, the light appeared to be paralleling our course and coming closer (i.e., remaining in the same relative position even though we were moving south at around 300 knots over the ground, yet getting larger).  Please take that observation with a grain of salt though.  Without being close enough to see details on the craft or compare it against a ground reference \u2013 it could just as easily be something very large seen at a great distance.  Things observed at a large distance do not appear to have any relative motion.  We continued to watch the light until it appeared to take a northern course away from us at great speed (both decreasing in brightness and size, without changing altitude).  Both my F/O and I have 5,000+ hours of experience \u2013 most of which was gained under similar circumstances (at night, over California routes)\u2026 and we were both flabbergasted by what we saw.  We both admitted it made the hair on our neck stand up.  To be honest, I was spooked by the experience, but have chosen to not bring it up with our airline or the FAA out of concern for being judged a nut-job.  I\u2019m not saying the things we saw were of extraterrestrial origin \u2013 but I am saying we saw something that (in both of our professional opinions) was nothing like any other aircraft we\u2019ve ever experienced in our careers."
"Fireball in the night sky Driving home from a Christmas Eve dinner, we were heading east when I saw what looked like an orange ball in the sky.  Not very high above the tree line.  (I joking said, look its Santa!) It was moving from the north to the south.  I pointed it out to my husband and he also acknowledged this curious \"ball of fire\".  As I watched it cross almost over head, it actually looked like a ball of fire with a halo affect partly around the front of it.  As it passed to my right I closely watched it and it began the dim then brighten back up every few seconds.  This lasted only about 20 seconds then it \"blinked\" out and it was gone.  This was at around 11:35 PM tonight.  It's dark out, it might have disappeared from sight because of trees but it didn't look that way to me."
"Bright orange lights, moving slowly up from the ground, hovering and moving away to the SW. 6 bright orange colored lights rose up from the ground one at a time moving slowly and sometimes stoping in a hover over the Westchester Lagoon area.  Lights appeared close to my location in downtown Anchorage.  They rose straight up, moved in a northerly direction, circled, turned and moved southwest.  The light only appeared to be on the forward side for as they turned the light faded and a dim cylinder shape could be seen probably due to the reflection of city lights suggesting that they were not very high.  They showed no navigation lights common on airplanes or helicopters.  There was too much city noise to hear if the objects made any noise themselves.  One object moved off to the east.  The event lasted about 10 minutes."
"Two cylinder type objects or shadows traversing over fullwolf moon Jan. 2, 2018. On Jan. 2, 2018, my husband (former airline pilot with 22,000 hours) and I were traveling on Lamar Ext. (Hwy. 78), coming our of Olive Branch, Mississippi to Memphis.  Just before the Tennessee line, I witnessed two cylindrical objects or shadows moving vertically over the face of a full wolf moon.   My husband viewed one, and I viewed both.  #2 was higher than #1.  He was driving and #2 was out of the bright face of the moon and could no longer be seen when he observed #1.   Once the objects or shadows were out of the bright face of the moon, they were no longer visible.  Other people viewed this I am sure, speak up."
"Student sees UFO fly by 11th floor window in dorm. I was sitting in the dorm room at Morehead State University (11th floor) when three brightly golden circular lights flew by the single window in the room. At first I thought it could have been a reflection within the rooms however the two light sources are static and would have not moved. Another possible reason I thought was that it was a light shone through the window however the building I live in is the highest and largest building on campus and in Morehead, not to mention that I live on the 11th floor. Therefore it is impossible for something to shine in perfectly horizontal as if it were right in front of the window. The only plausible conclusion is that I witnessed an UFO, possibly 3 separate ones one 1 with 3 lights. The lights were around 2 feet in diameter and were golden in color. The objects flew quickly and when I ran to the window and peered out they had vanished."
"Atlanta New Years Eve 2010 object Was looking through my skylight and noticed an object moving across my vision that I though was a meteor but quickly noticed no fire trail and then saw that it was a cylinder object round at each end that was almost a transparent electric blue moving at teh same speed across the sky.  Seemed like it was just in the low hanging cliud cover.  Almost looked like a skylight you might see at a night club  shining into  a low cloud ceiling. I know its New years eve and I can hear the fireworks going off in the surrounding nieghborhoods, but niether before or since have there been any rockets of any kind to be seen in my sky.   I have watched the sky my whole life and can usually tell what something is pretty quick.   I have also lived near Army, Navy, and Air Force bases my whole life and seen some very unusual things in the sky, but this thing really freaked me out once it hit that this was something I had never observed before.   It wasn't a plane, or firework.  It wasn't and reflection of light or meteor.  It was an object of some sort like I have never seen.   I am 44 years old and very well read. I have lived in Europe, The USA, and Asia."
"My wife and i were driving to meet up with some friend and it was a clear night as we pulled onto the highway i we saw a blue glowing object streek from one side of the sky to the other in about 3 seconds.... must have been going thousands of miles an hour... ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"No noise reported. Source: conversation with witness.  Oakdale section of Dedham. A chain of large glowing orange balls proceeded in single file heading NNW. One was observed dropping down to an unknown location. A male witness drove off trying to find a possible landing site but was unsuccessful. Female pedestrian witness stayed behind. Female does not remember exact date, but sighted a large bolide 2 days previous. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangular figure that was not registered in local air ops. I seen a triangular figure that was large and had what looked like navigation lights on the front of it.   At the time of the sighting, I contacted the local air operations and there was not any air craft identified in the area.   It was in the middle of a field and it faced towards the interstate and it took off going from 0 miles per hour to what looked like a super sonic speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the source does not indicate that fact."
"A glowing blue sphere streaking diagonally toward earth in the east."
"orange round light in the sky the sky was foggy it had just finish raining hard , im driving to work and saw two orange ball lights  they were slightly fuzzy appear from behind the fog it lasted about 3 mins than disappeared back behind the fog ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Intense, stationary bright light in SF Bay Area sky. I noticed an intensely bright light in the sky.  It was so intense there was no flickering or change in intensity.  It was completely stationary, absolutely no movement whatsoever.   I took pictures with my phone so not the best images but can share with interested individuals.  In perfect altitudinal alignment was another light.  Less intense and smaller.  Its light twinkled with varying intensity.  This second light was also stationary. I can assure you that these lights were too high up in the sky to be beacons for aircraft. It's possible that they were stars but every star I've ever looked at \"twinkled\" of flickered."
"Three silent white cigar shaped objects floated across the sky at 10:30 to 11:30 Sunday morning. My granddaughter and I witnessed an object that was travelling from southwest to northeast that was white and appeared the size and shape of a jumbo jet minus and wings.  It made its way silently across the sky until it reached the horizon.  The really strange part of this story is... this sighting repeated three times over a period of one hour. I'm assuming it was three different craft because it moved so slowly across the sky. We are not far from Dobbins Air Force Base and no fighter jets were scrambled (several years ago I witness an orange ball of light moving across the sky that was chased by a fighter jet) but nothing as dramatic as that occurred."
"Large brilliant white cigar shaped craft moving from north to south in the sky. My twin daughters were playing on our trampoline.  One of them ran inside and said, \"Dad, there is something in the sky and its not an airplane.\" I went outside looked to the sky and saw a large brilliant white cigar shaped craft moving across the sky from north to south.   A few seconds later my wife came out and witnessed it also.  Lasted about a minute before it moved to far away to see.   The object was about as high in the air as a plane.   No noise.  No trail behind it. I have a picture that was very zoomed in.  Haven't been able to download it to a computer to veiw it yet.  On my camera it looks to be blurry."
"UFO Formation Sighted Over Toronto, Ontario, Canada- Multiple Witnesses UFO SIGHTING, ORB FORMATION - Toronto, Ontario, Canada - May 13, 2018  UFO Formation Sighted by a couple with  young child, videos were taken from two different Iphones.  Sighting occurred at 7:00pm on May 13, 2018, right outside the Toronto Zoo in Toronto, Ontario, Canada during daylight. The couple and a young child had just enjoyed a nice day visiting the zoo, when upon driving leaving the zoo, a formation of orbs caught the eye of the passenger through the sunroof of the vehicle.  The couple pulled over and got out of the vehicle and both were able to capture multiple videos and photos of the object. The objects were moving independently changing formations and were very out of place in the sky from anything we had ever seen before.  The objects were directly above the vehicle and seemed to follow the vehicle for another few hundred meters down the road and seemed to stop and hover above the location where we had pulled over for at least 20 minutes they were witnessed.  Taking many different formations and patterns during this time.  There also appeared to be an increase in aircraft in the general area shortly after the orbs had been sighted. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Regarding the 10/7/07 Poplarville, MS sighting reported previously BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE SKY  ((NUFORC Note: Probably a star, perhaps Sirius, we believe. PD)).... Sirius has not risen at 1:15 a.m.  And if the reporter is off by an hour or two, Sirius would be in the  eastern sky, not western as reported.  Mars is also particularly interesting but also in the eastern sky at that time.  The three prominent stars of the Summer Triangle are low in the western sky at that time, but my opinion is that they are not bright enough to create such an impression unless there were some unusual atmospheric conditions. ((NUFORC Note:  Our error!!  I agree with the assessment of the source of this statement, who elects to remain totally anonymous.  I probably have made this same error in a number of cases!  Embarrassing!!  I apologize to those whose reports I have mislabeled in this fashion, and I will attempt to correct my errors, when I have time to re-read the reports.  PD))"
"April 2nd 2010   We were traveling in the mountains  It was a very bright sunny day  I had been taking photos  I captured this metallic object flying a a raped speed  It was not an airplane."
"light began flashing   This was some really freaky stuff the objects moved in syncronized formation as they slowly decended down to the top of a mound.  The lights on the objects then began flashing lights and then flew away at an amazing speed.  This sight was amazing I couldnt believe it."
"One  bright object , silent, no flashing lights, moving constant speed  several minutes until out of sight. Clesr night, walking dog, happened to look up in the southwest sky, a single bright light was moving about the same speed as a passenger airline.  There wasn't any noise at all coming from the object and no wing strobe lights (typical) with airplanes.  It was spherical and approximately 2 to 2 1/2 miles overhead.  The crafts speed was constant for the duration of the sighting and traveling Northeast towards Scottsdale / Carefree Arizona.  Holding a regular aspirin at arms length would match the size of the object.  A passenger airline was about 20 seconds behind the object,and of course the engine noise and strobe lights of the plane could easily be seen and heard.  The light of the object was the same brightness coming toward my direction, as well as leaving and moving away and past where i was standing."
"3 lighted silent craft flys slowly over university While walking at night from my house to my friend\u2019s nearby apartment, my friend and I witnessed an unidentified flying object. I was looking at the stars, identifying constellations, when I turned to look at the sky in the southeast, over the top of a building I saw a flying object enter my field of vision. The UFO flew completely, eerily silent, at a low altitude probably around a few hundred feet, and at an unusually slow and constant pace. The object was dark with three large bright white lights in a triangular configuration on its underside, one toward the front, two in the back. It was somewhat difficult to make out the exact shape due to its angle, and the prominence of it\u2019s lights although it appeared to be flat and triangular, with each white light close to each tip. The size appeared to be around that of a large helicopter. There was one faint, small flashing light towards the front on the side of the object which seemed to emit multiple colors of w! hich I remember green, white/yellow, and blue. The object flew over us westward toward the university campus and was visible for around one and a half, possibly two minutes. My friend who was about 30 feet in front of me and who witnessed it for around 30 seconds saw the same object."
"flashing multi colored diamonds moving in circles and follow us for 2 miles where they wait above the house 3 little star light objects with blinking red, blue, white lights moving in figure 8s and circles.   then  4 bigger brighter white diamond sparkely ones that moved all over th sky like they were watching or following something.    we left and 2 of them followed us 2 miles away to a friends house where they r waitng right above the house."
"Green Tail; Red Flash Our classes for a lock-in was heading out to a polo field to play capture the flag. Many described the object as being a shooting star with a green tail. As it rose into the sky they say that it stopped, flashed red, and disappeared. I did not see it, however. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was on a bus leaving Landmark Mall Shopping Center.  It was a bright, sunny day with some high cumulus clouds.  As the mall sits on top of a hill, the view is wide open.  I was looking out the bus window when I saw what appeared to be a charcoal-gray metallic sphere floating in the air maybe 1,000 feet up. There were no apparent window, or lights, nor any sound.  I thought at first it was a balloon--but soon realized that it had neither a basket underneath, nor was it moving at all...It was absolutely motionless.  I was able to observe it as the bus traveled down the road until it took an exit.  At that point we moved down hill and the view was hidden behind trees and buildings.  I am curious if others in the Alexandria, Virginia area observed this."
"I was 11 Years old.me my best guy friend and our siblings were playing hide and go seek tag in the dark.  Suddenly, My sis was screaming, we all ran too see what was wrong.  Over my neighbors house, there was a disk shaped object.  There were too many colours too discribe.  But they were around the top, middle, and bottom.  We told our siblings to hide.  My guy friend and I did too. After about 2 minutes there was a bright flash of light and we saw the object zooming off. We all ran inside to my bedroom.  We locked the windows, closed the curtains and his under the bes for the rest of the night.  My friends parents literally had to drag him out of my room!   My little sis and I slept in the same bed for 2 years after that.  A few years later we moves away. I don't know if my little sis remembers it, but I do.  It haunts me!  I get nightmares still. and I'm 15!!!  Well, I hope you can help..."
"I was outside my house at approximately 8:45 PM and so some very bright lights flying in the NW sky, headed SW.  I usually see many commercial aircraft flying in this direction but this particular aircraft was much lower and much brighter.   The object also was moving much slower than typical aircraft.  The object slowly banked to the left and hovered over my neighbors house.  It had 3 bright lights on the back side and disappeared into the treeline.  Moments after I saw a military jet and a helicopter in the same area."
"we were driving in parkway heading toward north before the exit 135 we saw this looking shooting star or meteor-ish but it has a greenish color trail and flew from east to west. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Some kind of evil looking airplane? It was around 10 PM as Marathon restaurant was closing.  Living about a 1/4 mile from the restaurant I was entering a fence opening which served as a shortcut home.  When I looked back and up I saw a small white light high in the sky.  The light came down over the center of the street (a main street), as then I saw a black 20' long airplane.  Its wings were angled back, and on the backs of the wings were semi-circles.  Both wings had 4 or 5 semi-circles which communicated to me that it was evil.  The tail wings were ordinary airplane wings.  When it got about 20' over the middle of the street it sharply pulled up.  It then flew upward at an angle into outer space disappearing.  There was no sound.  No light was seen when it got close to the ground."
"Space Shuttle Shape traving very fast, faster then its sound. As i walked out my front door, I noticed a Space-Shuttle/Concord shaped flying object that was flying north, over the Atlantic Ocean or the Absecon Island in New Jersey. The object was flying at incredible speeds and a loud sound after the UFO was almost out of my sight ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Stars or lights apparently joining up in the sky. I read something by Grant Cameron, and he suggests reporting and documenting all sightings.  I have often thought about this and now I would like to share it. I graduated from high school June 10 1970.  It was a few days later, or maybe a week or two, it's been a long time now.  We lived in Garden City Michigan.  We often slept outside, and we always had our sleeping bags ready to go. In our neighborhood in Garden City we all had big back yards, lots of trees, and it was really like sleeping in the woods.  It was a dry clear night, and we laid out in our sleeping bags.  We talked a lot and were both staring up at the stars, when we both noticed something unusual at a star right straight above us. The star or light would have other lights going up to it, and then leave it.  Its been a long time, but I believe we saw at least 4 stars or lights joining up with it, then departing.  I cant recall if the activity ceased, or if we just fell asleep.  I think I might have compared it to a gas station, or a drive in restaurant.  We both saw it at the same time and always wondered what it could have been. Now hearing all the declassified info about the spy satellites  (Hexagon) and others I wonder if this is what we both saw that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"pin head object disolves into vapor trail bright easter sunday clear day directly over head in the eastern sky looking from my porch balcony I saw a tiny quicksilver dot like the head of a pin in distance appear to dissolve into a vapor trail. anybody else see this thing was it a sat-alight, or a meteor?"
"Odd bright light in sky, with haze around it that seems to fade out. Almost looked like an explosion in the sky that faded out. First it looked like a flashlight was facing downwards but with dusty haze around it. Then it just seemed to start fading away. There are no clouds out tonight and I can see stars everywhere. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD))"
"Changing size and color object, over Fort Mohave AZ At about 10 am this morning, I was returning home from prospecting, when i saw a object in the southwest sky at about 45 degrees. At first i thought it was a balloon or the space station, It kept chaging color and size, from shiny to dull, like it was tumbling but no set speed, random size change also. The largest it got was about three times bigger then the brightest star down to about the brightest star. I watched it fly over me to the northeast for a total of about 4 minutes at times it appeared to stop. I looked away for a few seconds trying to take a photo with my cell phone, but i couldn't figure out how, In those few seconds it moved very far, just about out of site. I'm 56 years old,Have never seen anything like this, I got scared, The hair stood up on the back of my neck and i got goose bumps.. I hope it was a weather balloon,or something like that But something inside say's it wasn't. I have no idea how big it was,speed,or how far away,made no sound. \"Strange days indeed\""
"At 2100hrs on Jan 20/2017 noticed white light flashing in the sky, almost similar to airport lights when a plane is landing..  I do live close to an airport, however these were in a different direction..within seconds of seeing these lights, I heard an explosion and noticed a fireball falling down and hitting the ground."
"reddish-yellow elongated diamond star-sized lights moving in elongated V formation against night sky that gradually disappeared I was just out in my backyard around 9:40 pm Saturday, February 8th looking at the evening sky-some low clouds, a clear moom, stars bright against the night sky.  And then I noticed these lights, as bright and slightly larger than the stars, the color of a lit match- something between red and yellowor, like a hot orange.  There were 5 or 6 of them moving steadily from right to left in an elongated V formaton at a moderately steady pace.  The one furthest to the right was highest with the next one slightly lower, the next lower still, the next dropping much lower, the next much higher and the last higher still. They weren\u2019t blinking or alternating color like lights from a plane, neither was there any noise like helicopters make.  I followed them as they moved across the sky until they were blocked by large tree, so I went out into the street to follow them and noticed two or three of them were gone.  I watched the ones remaining as they continued their path across the sky and noticed that one by one, from the right to the left, they were becoming fainter, losing color until they disappeared.  And then they were gone.. It was truly the strangest thing I\u2019ve ever seen and have no idea what they were.  I\u2019m not one for conspiracy theories and figure there\u2019s an explaination other than extraterrestial, but I\u2019m totally at a loss for what it is.  When I did a search online, I was shocked to find so many hits of similar sittings over the last year and from many locations across the country."
"This morning around 6 we were taking my friend to work and seen this I don't even know how to explain it above us it looked like what was seen over California last year I took pictures of it if there's any way that I can email them to you I just really don't know how to explain what we seen this morning"
"Multiple star like lightd in the sky flashing red and green all over the skyline and some shot across the sky very fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"My home is  located 20 miles north east of los Angeles I walked out of my house on 4th of July  to see if I was able to see any fireworks at 9:28 p.m,  so I saw my neighbor, and started talking looking at the sky facing north, from the distance on the mountain top I saw a round light coming toward our way, so I asked my neighbor if she saw that. And she responded that I was crazy and seeing things, the light disappeared for a split second and it once again appeared, now not more than 100 ft. away, I asked her again did you see that? ,and she responded once again that I was crazy, so this time I had time to take 5 pictures which only 1 came out. The funny thing is my neighbor still does admit seeing it. The second time I really thought that the light was coming toward me, and I ask myself why is it that my neighbor couldn\u2019t see it. I then had the strange feeling that I was going to get abducted. The light disappeared on an unvalibable speed to the west. I hav! e the the picture, and is clear that this was not a helicopter, or fireworks, take a look at the picture and you can see the landing gear, and something coming out of the the left bottom opening of the ufo, that created the light, see for yourself and be the judge of it. This was 4th of July, and I am sure I was not the only one that saw it."
"07/15/06 Columbia, PA  Triangle shaped 1 minute 3 bright, circular white lights hovered above trees Three circular, bright, white lights hovered above and in front of the trees in the back of my mom's house."
"one huge UFO or three seperate ones On or about January first of 2010 I was out after midnight on my ranch in Maricopa Arizona to get something from my truck.  As I looked to my left which is West in a saddle of these small mountains about a one mile and a half away I see these very bright lights.  As I watched them there was no noise at all and it was very quiet out that night.  These lights were in a pattern of three like a triangle. There were three separate UFO\u2019s all in a straight row for a total of nine lights.  They were moving very slow over the saddle of the mountain.  My first thought was man that is some big mining equipment being moved at night.  But then I realized there was no sound which you would hear because it was that close.  The lights were very bright I mean like football stadium lights and they were lighting up everything out there under it from about sixty feet off the ground.  You could see cactus and rocks really clear too just like a bright sunny day. It was so dark out there ! that I could not see any sides or edges to what ever it was.  I watched it until it had gone over the other side of the saddle. I was perplexed as to what I had just seen. I thought I had seen three separate UFO\u2019s flying together in formation.  But later after telling my wife what I had just seen. She said \u201cwell, how do you know it was three separate ones, maybe it was just one big UFO!\u2019. Now that really got me thinking. That craft would have been huge.  I mean this saddle area it flew through is about the size of one to two football fields wide.  I heard you on the radio one night and got your web site. I thought you might like to hear about my sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Fireball in Jalon, Spain We just witnessed a bright red/orange light in the sky that appeared out of nowwhere and slowely moved north.   It pulsated a few times and after a couple of minutes it remained on the same place and faded out.  It was very clear, I took out the monoculars to see if I could distinguise a specific form or shape, but I was not able to do so.  At best I could describe it as a very bright fireball but the movement seemed controlled."
"Orange glowing Orbes in Wollongong, NSW, Australia Feb 2012 orange glowing orbes stationary for about 10 sec. They were in a large cluster formation spaced out from one another.  They cluster was not about the size of a plane.  The cluster was much, much larger than any modern space craft.  Then the orbes just faded away.  It looked as if they just disapeared into the clouds behind it."
"1 rectangular object seen hovering while drifting out of a cloud and after less than one minute went back inside the cloud.   2 seconds later in far distance (5 miles?) a black rectangle appeared in the far distance, but was too far to get a good visual. I have 20/15 vision and could see a better picture than than my 8MP camera."
"I was camping out with a friend in another friend's Christmas tree farm north of Murphysboro.  We had dragged two lawn chairs out into the area and were laying in the field enjoying the summer weather.  We were sitting there talking when all of a sudden I noticed something coming towards us in the distance.  At first, it appeared to be a plane, but as it got closer, it was clear that it was shaped like a circle and had lights of different colors around the bottom.  It was completely silent and seemed low to the ground, not as high as an airplace.  It blocked out the stars as it passed very slowly directly above us.  My friend freaked out and began shooting at the object with his pellet gun.  Seriously.  He was an unusual fellow.  I told him to put it away, because they may take it as a threat, so he stopped and we watched it continue over the woods to our north.  Of course, this is something I will never forget and I remember it like it was yesterday. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright Orb/Sphere in western sky with Red/Blue/Green rotating lights. In the West Sky slightly North and below the moon was a glowing bright yellow/white light.   With Binoculars and Spotting scope it looked to have a rotating Blue/Red/Green light around it. At first it did not seem to be moving.  Then it started moving North and appeared to be heading lower in altitude but it could have been that the distance change made it look like a drop in altitude.  It seemed to be sphere shaped but also may have been slight egg or oblong shaped.  At 60x it wasn't easy to discern the exact features.   Also strangely earlier in the day around 1pm there was a military jet that took off from Glacier International airport and flew toward the West.  It was reported as flying sideways and flew fast enough that it shook buildings.    It was thought to be a Harrier but that's not confirmed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Star-like (but MUCH BRIGHTER AND LARGER) light west of D-town, PA.  Seen against sunset. \tTraveling home from work (west on 322, chester county) it was a beautiful sky with lots of colors and the sun setting before me (10-20% cloud cover, estimate). \tAt approximately 6:33 I looked up and noticed a bright white light near the sun and horizon (i believe it was to the right of the sun).  Initially I thought, \"star/planet\" based on the color of light, but quickly decided against that thought based on the brightness of the sky at the time, as well as the size and brightness of the light (it was against the sunset and still brighter than any star/planet I've seen at night.)  It seemed to stay stationary, at least laterally to me (though, I was moving in a car). \tI quickly fumbled for my camera phone, but by the time I had cleared enough storage space to take the shot, it was gone (probably 20-30 seconds).  A few minutes later I saw it again (at least in the same area it had been in before, but I am unsure as to whether it was in the same exact position or not).  Still driving home, I fumbled for the camera phone again and by the time I unlocked the keys it had dissapeared again* (10-15 seconds). \tI searched the sky in the following seconds for something, anything...  I saw a few, seemingly lighting-fast, \"streaks\" of light, creating 3-5 sharp vertices of \"streak\" (implying ridiculous control), and nothing after that.  The streaks were of the same color as the light I saw, though they were much more faint, to the effect that I am still questioning whether the streaks were corporeal or something produced by my eyes.  For this, I am hoping to find other witnesses to the event.  * I never saw the light source appear or dissapear.  In other words, I was fuddling with my camera phone too much and it had already appeared/dissapeared by the times I had looked up for it. ((NUFORC Note:  Contrail??  PD))"
"Red light sphere moving in vertical and horizontal directions in Westchester County, NY My wife and I were looking at the large full moon as we stepped outside our home around twilight.  To the left of the moon, I saw a stationary red light in the sky.  It reminded me of the red lights one may see on top of a tall antenna.   I thought it may be a plane, but it did not move for an extended period.  That's when I brought it to the attention of my wife.   Shortly thereafter, the light dropped down in a rapid vertical descent.  It remained visible.  It paused a little and then rose vertically.  The light also moved horizontally once or twice.  Overall, it would move, remain still, and then move again.   Lost sight of it after about five minutes as I tried unsucessfully to find the source of the light by driving toward the light.  Since this occurred in a city, I was never able to find the light."
"06/25/2011 A brief sighting of what appeared to be an offset horse shoe with 2 bright white lights. I was heading east on my way to work that nite.  I had been scanning the skies for the past few nites looking for sattelites.  As I approached a stop light I looked to my left, (south), when I noticed  an unusually bright light fairly low in the sky.  It really caught my attention beacuse it was so bright.   At first I thought it to be a passenger jet due to the fact that we are within miles of an intrenantional air port..  But the color of the light was quite different from other air craft that were traveling through the skies at that time...   My second thought was that it must have been a hellicopter with its search light on.   As I watched it for a few seconds, I noticed that it was moving rather quickly across the sky heading in a north eastern direction.  I began to think, \"What is that?????\"   As i continued to watch it, I noticed that there were no other blinking lights around the main light.  Not only that, the color of the light was bright soft white and the center had a bluish tint to it.  It resembled the hue of a halogen head light on a car, but much more intense. Then I noticed hat there were 2 lights on the object, one apparently in the front, and one in the back.  Both had the same type of glow, but the 1 in the back seemed less intense.   I took notice that there were still a lack of any other blinking lights to show me that it was a typical air craft.   As I watched it traveling across the sky, it appeared to be traveling closer to where I was on the road.  The 2 lights were not even in thier alighnment but they seemed to be part of the same craft, due to the flow of the flight pattern.  The rear light (the dimmer of thye 2) was a bit higher than the front (brighter) light.  Looking at the way the lights were slightly off set, I thought it to be sort of a horse shoe- offset squarish shape.  The lights being on the bottom front and rear feet. Now, the way it was fluently and very quickly cutting through the sky was what really caught my attention.  It cut across the sky traveling both easten and northern simultaneously.  It was like it didn't need to turn or change any direction in order to travel in in a direction.  It was like it was able to cut across the sky and not have to steer.  It flew faster than any other craft that I have ever seen. It was almost like it wasn't propelled by a fuel type of means.  It was too perfect and fast.  It seemed silent, almost as if it were skimming across. As it continued to cut across from the south western sky into the south east, I really took notice of the lights.  The intensity and the brightness.  I could see a very thin and vague trace of a beam that came from the rear light and pointed at an angle to the rear and slightly downward.  It quickly made its way across my view heading northerly with a hint of an easterly direction.  As if it could go both directions at once. I began to notice that it seemed to be losing altitude as it glided tword the mountains.  I quickly decided to try and track it as the light changed. I quickly decided to make a right and head north to attempt to track it.   As I approached the next signal light I could tell that it actually semmed to be descending tword the base of the mountain range.  I saw it come down to wher the mountains actually shallow out. That is when I lost sight of it.  I continued to search  it out, but by the time I got out of the buildings that covered its decent, It was gone.  I went to a gas station where I could get  good view of the exact area where I saw it descend.  But there was nothing. I figured someone else had to have seen the same thing.  There were quite a few cars out on the road for that time of nite."
"Simply noticed a green circular light 2,000 ft in the sky stationary over some houses a quarter of a mile away.  Simply looked like a bubble of green light.  After 3 minutes the green light stopped, revealing a small dark rectangular object.  Doubt it was a helicopter as it seemed too small. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Orange balls in sky 1-8-11 7 pm my wife and I along with our kids were leaving my mother-in laws and father in-laws house and driving along 45 highway just out of Parkville close to the nationals golf course and noticed 2 orange glowing circular fireballs in the sky.  One orange ball was hovering still and the other orange ball was circling around it.  I saw it first and told my wife to look so we decided to pull off the highway and she then proceeded to get out and take a picture and within that time frame of 2 minutes the orange balls just disappeared with the blink of an eye. I hope someone saw the two objects we saw.   The director asked me if I thought these were Chinese lanterns and I can tell you these were not Chinese lanterns.  They were too fast to be Chinese lanterns.   Also I failed to mention size of these orange balls.  Approximately they were much bigger than Jupiter almost double the size of Jupiter.  I hope someone out there seen these objects!!"
"One, elongated teardrop shaped flying object about 13 feet high in the sky and maybe 500 ft away. My cousin and I were sitting in the car looking out, facing south direction, when in a matter of no more than two seconds a bright white elongated teardrop shaped object flew past us flying east to west.  It didn\u2019t fly fast, but more like floated fast across of us.  I would say that it was about 13 feet high in the sky and 500 feet away, it was very close.  I don\u2019t know the exact size of it; it was very hard to tell. There was only one flying object.  The object did not look like anything I\u2019ve ever seen before or made of anything I\u2019ve seen before.  Almost like it was made entirely of pure energy and light, but there absolutely was something there in the core of the flying object."
"Growing, organic light separates into individual gold lights I was sitting with a friend on a hill overlooking ebey's landing, facing south around 8:30 pm, 9/22/12, when I noticed a growing golden light on the horizon.  It was an ammorphose blob that grew upwards into the sky.  Hard to tell its size.   As it grew larger it expanded into hundreds of seperate lights.  They weren't in any formation, just moving upwards and spreading out.  A vehicle drove up to us and the gentlemen inside asked us if we're seeing this.  He said he thinks he's looking at his first ufo sighting.   We sat watching them spread out overhead.   We suspect it was a release of lanterns, but puzzled because there's a burn ban here.  Our forests are tinder dry.   It was pretty spectacular and I have seen no news about what it was.  Hoping someone will speak up."
"5 or 6 bright red-orange balls w/white light on bottom slowly following same path in C. H., CA night  sky Around 8:45 on Thursday March 7, 2013, I was walking my dog in Citrus Heights and I noticed a bright  red-orange  ball with a whitish light on the bottom moving slowly in I believe a southwest direction. I didn\u2019t think anything of it-  then I saw another one and another one and another one.  All spontaneously showing up and following the same path, equidistant apart, going the same rather slow speed.  I\u2019m not sure now if I saw 5 or 6 I started fumbling with my phone trying to take pictures. They seemed to be moving in an upward direction and then 1 by 1 they disappeared from view."
"Mysterious loud booms Heard loud booms with no power outage or planes in sky.   Loud enough to make my husband and I look into sky for something to cause a sonic boom.   The same booms but louder were heard on 2/19/14 which were loud enough shake the house and bring several neighbors into the street to look into the sky.   We have been hearing them several times a week for the last month.   Has anyone else experienced this?"
"Saucer with catacomb bottom engines separating from silver docking station. @ 5:55 am just before dawn I noticed a bright object over our 5 acre property .. so I went to go get my sibling...we tried cell phone video but it was too dark...so as the sun began to rise the object was still there.   So I went and got binoculars and I could see that the silvery object was like a docking station...it only looked like a cylinder because it was side ways....then I saw a saucer like object detach from the docking base and it slowly revealed the bottom of craft which was round covered on the bottom with catacomb shaped holes on the bottom that were lighting up bright red like jet engines.... I witnessed the membership going two and fro the docking station at least three times...then I was disgusted because I did not have a good enough camera to photograph it or video tape the incident so i went back in the house...never seen anything like it...freaked me out cause I don't believe in those type things...but I do now lol....one more thing\u2026 when I went in my house I googled ufo sightings and found your site and repeatedly tried send report, but my kindle went nuts and started acting strange....glittering and acting up it would not let me type anything it kept wiggling screen.   I was afraid my kindle had a virus...but I don't and now my kindle is fine so I am sending report...another thing that was strange, my cellphone's time changed to 9:30 p m...then later changed back to correct time."
"White flashing light seen over the I94 interstate. Caledonia/Racine WI Woke up at about 1:00 am and saw a bright light to the south of my home.  The light was as bright as an aircraft landing light however this light remained stationary in the sky and flashed rapidly (several times per second) shifting colors (white, red blue/green).  It appeared to be several miles away from my house and probably 1000-2000 feet above the ground.  The flashing lights remained in its location for 2+ hours.  From this position I would estimate the light to be directly above the I-94 interchange on the north end of Racine/Caledonia WI."
"Neon green light crossed sky I was sitting in the chair by the bay window. I looked up and saw a neon green light go across the sky. It went from right to left. It last only seconds."
"I live in Kernersville, NC. My friend and I saw 7 flame orange  lights in the sky.  They were moving very slowly.  There were 2 in a straight line, 3 in a triangle, then 2 behind them.   They moving way to slow to be any air craft I have seen.  Then they slowly faded away as if they were all going into a cloud, but there was no cloud there.  It also made no sound at all. I've live close to a airport my whole life and I've never seen planes fly that detection.  I see plains fly  back and forth every day.  It was  around 8 pm they were moving from south to north.. This was by fare the  strangest thing I've seen in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Strange cyclical white noise heard, pulsed one second on, 2 off then faded. 01/15/08 1158AM CST. (Northwestern Illinois)  Bizarre Noise.  Just before noon local time, a strange noise was heard outside my home. It sounded like pulsed white noise. It was cyclical; there for one second followed by 2 seconds of non-noise, then repeated. It faded in quickly and dissipated slowly over about 30 seconds. Whatever it was sounded as though it passed quite close to the house. There were no reverberations observed but they may have been masked by sound inside the house. Also curiously, no Doppler shift was heard, although the sound seemed to muffle as it faded out. I have never heard a sound like this outside of a recording studio before. Only thing I could think of was it sounded like a jet engine low on fuel and cutting out and in, but there were no normal airplane noises associated with it. No street traffic observed either at the time."
"5 disc/orbs  bright orange, moving along coastline south to north.  Disappeared into clouds. 100's were sitting on beach watching fireworks, appx. 9 pm..   5 ORANGE ball/cigar/disc shaped objects moved up the coastline from the south. there were 4 in back and one in the front.  They came at a steady pace.  We thought they might be some sort of firework but they came up the shoreline, didn't bob, weave etc.  The light in the objects was a steady self contained bright orange.   Everyone watched them then they disappeared behind a cloud.  We did get a few on cell phone camera.  When you zoom into the thing it is a bright orange with red along the edges.  Very very strange.   There was a man videoing the fireworks with a large camera, it should be on his.   It was just bizarre how many there were and how they moved up the coastline at a steady pace.  The wind was very low and the firework smoke was hanging in.   In our group were many professionals and we all just sat and watched the orbs come up to the fireworks and disappear.   They were pretty high up in the sky."
"White lights hovering above the tree line. Around midnight, I came out to my front porch.  In between the trees I noticed two bright white lights with a band of five to eight smaller lights under it.  The lights hovered above the tree lines without a sound and it was illuminating the dark road (there are no street lamps on the road).  It seemed to be getting closer to ground very slowly.  Then the motion light detectors went on at my house as well as the neighbor's.  At this point, I went inside."
"Saw flashing object for 45 minutes flying in a rough triangle pattern in a very tight pattern flash very bright and then very dim."
"strange lights over Denver 01/18/2015 I saw a light in the southern sky over Denver. I took some video with my phone as well as some pictures. The light was moving like someone was playing with a laser pointer with a cat.  I had trouble keeping my camera trained on it.  I watched the light for about five mins before I got my phone.   I took about fifteen minutes of video and some all shots.  I went inside for about twenty minutes.  Then went back outside to see if it was still there, and it was.   It moved slowly at times and very fast at times.  It changed directions faster than anything I have ever seen. When I examened the pictures.  I was able to zoom in and see the different shapes the craft took.  I would like some help examining what I have."
"The Mothership and its Orb I went to let my dog out in the back yard as I was waiting I noticed an orb in the sky which seemed to be circling the area of my back yard but it was way up in the sky.  At first I thought it might be the spotlight from Mystic Lake, but I was wrong because it wasn't a beam of light it was an orb. I ran in the house to get my roomate to see and he said him and his friend seen the same thing a few nights ago.  Then he looked to the west and hovering just above the neighbors trees was a huge object which my roomate commented was the Mothership and thats exactly what it looked like.   The orb itself was a light white greenish color and round the &quot;Mothership&quot; had faded lights all around it and a green hue behind it.  I have never seen anything so spectacular in my life!   We watch for about 10 mins and the orb just kept circling and the &quot;Mothership&quot; just stayed hovering.  I went back out about an hour later and they were both gone---"
"approx. 12 red spheres following thesame flight path round, reddish spheres travelling west pushing white light ahead, stopped in same spot aprox.1-2,000 feet overhead, hovered and then moved south and skyward, visible to airline cruising height, spaced a couple of minutes apart, would group into threes before moving on, this lasted for 20 minutes."
"fireworks and sighting At finale of firework display in West an abrupt blue light entered while I filmed.  There was no noise, and first impression was a singular shooting star.  It preceded several orange lights and all abruptly reversed their direction.  Either in a tight formation of as one.  I thought helicopter, or drone but it was extremely fast and noiseless."
"I have video.  I am former recon in the military.... I was observing the sky and caught it on video. Galaxy s7..... I'm huge skeptic and now..... I HAVE IT ON VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is not an anomaly.  I saw it and it's frigin real..... I was showing my friend on fb the Jets playing and in the opposite direction....came a craft at very high speed....stopped and changed direction.  I caught it!!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and he said he would send the video to our Center.  PD))"
"Red and green object that didn't move like a plane or helicoper On June 18, 2014, at approximately 9:30 p.m., my husband and I were on our back patio at our home located in the south part of the city.  We saw \u2013 twice \u2013 a \u201clargish\u201d object with bright red and green lights silently going up and down very quickly, then hovering for a bit.   It went down so quickly the first time my husband was waiting for an explosion that never came. I told my husband that it could possible be a helicopter doing night flights.  He said it couldn\u2019t be because helicopters don\u2019t move down that fast \u2013 he use to jump out of them and I completely trust his knowledge.  I don\u2019t know what it was, but I have never seen anything like it."
"Bright orange oval light seen dropping smaller lite objects and then disappeared. My brother and I noticed a large, bright, orange, glowing light in the sky at about 3 am towards Mt. Baldy. It looked like pieces from the light were falling off or it might have been smaller, separate lit up objects that were dropping from it.  The falling objects disappeared quickly. The light at first appeared to be moving at a steady pace towards the North and upward but then suddenly started going South and coming down pretty low.  Then suddenly it disappeared.  I have witnessed the same orange light on at least 5 other occasions in the past 3 months.  The shape has always been the same but it has been much higher and moved in a diagonal zigzag much quicker then an air plane would be moving.  One time it was dropping something from it but it didn\u2019t look as if the objects being dropped were lit up because I only saw the light from the main glowing light reflecting off what was being dropped.  I have no idea what this light could have been and other then these occasions I have never seen anything like it in the sky. If there is some explanation for it please let me know. Thank you"
"glowing light and organic and tubular shaped metallic craft During the month of May and June 2007, I witnessed an odd light west of my home which is a few miles east of Denton, Texas in north central Texas.  In May around the 13th at 11:00 PM, I went to close my blinds in the west window of my room. I noticed a very bright light just above the tree line to the west. I grabbed my camera and ran out to get a closer look and get beyond the trees in my yard. The light was hovering in one spot. I took a few photos and observed it a while longer and it began to wiggle back and forth slightly. It \u201cwiggled\u201d maybe 30 seconds and blinked out.  When I first downloaded the photos I couldn\u2019t really see anything, I took them into Microsoft Picture It and slightly lightened them and the orange glowing ball was clearly evident. There was no moon and it was very dark otherwise as I live outside of town.  In June close to the 8th, I witnessed a very similar \"object\" again in the western sky. Once again I took my camera and got a few shots in before it disappeared. This time when I downloaded them, the light had a very odd shape that I don\u2019t even know how to describe, except as organic with tubular extrusions with ball shaped ends and was a silver metallic color."
"Triangle object dropping fireballs I was facing west looking up at the moon when I caught a bright flash of white light out of the corner of my eye. I turned north to face it, it was high up but it's shape was clearly visable as it was heading south-southeast it moved slowly and pitched from side to side. I knew at this point that it was not an aircraft. There was no noise coming from the sky, it was shaped like a triangle with a slowly dimming red/white light emanating from the center. The light would at times, look like a dimming campfire. As it moved slowly across the sky, I called my mother outside and as soon as I looked back up we saw that this craft was being \"followed\" by an aircraft (military) which we could now hear. It seemed to be following this object from underneath because the object looked so high up. Then the object stopped and hovered for a second and it dropped a reddish white fireball toward the ground, after it fell the craft picked up speed, I guess it noticed it was being followed at this point. It moved faster toward the south, then dropped another fireball. We watched this fireball drop somewhere in the distance, it seemed to burn out before it hit the ground. After this last drop it disappeared rather quickly going eastward, maybe toward sonoma/napa area?. Then the aircraft/jet took off southeast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Orange brightly glowing balls of light in north eastern sky traveling North West towards Del Mar.  A friend called me who lives 3 miles away and they were just appearing in our night view of the sky.  The cluster of balls were just below the ecliptic at approx. 10-2.  Travelling in form and as a single unit with 7 balls of light in total.  Visualized several single objects and one triangle formation of three at the end of the cluster. Disappeared into the marine layer over the ocean.  Steady speed continuously. I would estimate speed at 200 miles per hour. Objects were seen for approx. 7 minutes Note: These objects looked to me like the footage Jaime Muassan has of the daytime clusters of white orbs in Mexico City and the descriptions of Dr. Lynne Kieta and the Phoenix Lights."
"My Report to the UFO Website October 6, 2007 5:45 a.m. Central Approximately Three Miles West of Johnstown, Nebraska   On October 6, 2007, I was driving to Wayne, Nebraska, for a meeting, and I wasn\u2019t sure if I had allowed enough time. I was in a hurry.  It was about 5:45 a.m.Central Daylight. I was traveling from Valentine, Nebraska.  The meeting registration was at 9:30 with the meeting to begin at 10:00. I\u2019m including this piece of information because it did have a small part in my actions at the end of this story, I believe.  I was  traveling on Highway 20 approximately two to three miles west of Johnstown, Nebraska, just a very short distance west of Plum Creek. (less than a mile, I approximate)  It was dark and I was watching for deer, porcupine, etc, yet, trying to keep aware of the time and my schedule.    The stars were out.  All of a sudden there is a flying object coming parallel to the road in the opposite direction I was traveling, just clearing the trees. In other words, it came from the other direction and was just beyond the fence line on the opposite side of the road.  It was flying pretty low to the ground, yet, high enough that I was thinking it was a small private plane because I could hear it so well, and because it was so low.  There were a lot of lights flashing, and a pretty loud whirling sound, an unusual sound to me, but the only way I can describe it was like a helicopter sound, but more a whirling sound than a chopping sound.  It definitely was not a helicopter. I remember being amazed as there were twenty or thirty lights flashing on this vehicle.   At first I thought I was close to Ainsworth, as there is an airport there and it was so low to the ground I thought it must have just taken off.  I thought it was a very fancy plane.  I said some things out loud, and I believe they had a bearing on what ensued.  I will relate those comments in a few paragraphs.  At first I didn\u2019t think much of it, I thought it was a small plane definitely with sophisticated instruments, radar, etc. I continued driving only glancing at it twice. It immediately came back to check me out, as that is when I realized I must stop to see what in the world this was.  I was looking at the road, (driving) so I didn\u2019t see it shift into reverse, but that is what must have happened.   As I think about it now, at that point, I remember being surprised as I could see stars through it, and the lights weren\u2019t flashing and making as much a noise as it had made an instant before, when it first was visible and coming over the trees.    I pulled over, off the road onto the shoulder, put the vehicle in park, and opened my window.  That is when I realized this was a very unusual event in my life.  I stared at it, and remember there wasn\u2019t much of any sound now, and just an instant later, there was no sound.  It was suspended in the air, and just hovering there, about 15 or 20 ft. in the air.  I could see through it.  The lights weren\u2019t flashing then, and there were only a few lights. Also, I remember thinking that whomever was in there, was not visible, but no doubt was looking at me.  The lights I could see were on the exterior of the craft and there were only two or three that I recall along with apparent illumination in the interior.  The visible lights  were in the position of one or two corners of the craft, I believe, but I remember thinking there weren\u2019t lights in each corner, maybe just three lights.  My attention was directed to the interior, illuminated but not a very large space, and I thought two levels. It looked like a large rectangular glass (plastic) box.  The interior wasn\u2019t very wide. There were no desks, no panels of instruments, no anything, but it was dimly lighted allowing me to see functional space.  I\u2019ve tried to recall the measurements, but bear in mind, this all happened in a few minutes time.  These measurements are the best I can recall, and here they are.  The plastic box, which this craft appeared to be, was approximately 18 feet long, maybe a little less, but not much.  The height was approximately 13 feet.  It was rectangular with the horizontal measure greater than the vertical measurement.  It appeared there might be two levels, but, of course, I didn\u2019t see any steps, etc.  The space inside was illuminated lightly, I could see some depth to the space, and I\u2019m going to guess that at about 4 feet. The reason I thought it was two levels, it appeared there was some kind of horizontal divider in the craft, in about the middle. I have calculated that I was no more than 120 feet from the craft. 18\u2019x13\u2019x4\u2019 approximately, and about 120 feet away.  I looked in the rear view mirror and saw two large trucks (cattle trucks I realized after I got out on the road) approximately 1/8th of a mile behind me, coming very fast toward me.  I got scared all of a sudden, and wanted to be in front of the trucks to protect myself.  I remember calculating that it wouldn\u2019t put the trucks in danger if I were to pull out on the road and get up some speed, which is what I did.  I didn\u2019t even glance back, even though I wanted to, to see if I could see the vehicle flying away.   I was in animal country, and I had two large trucks bearing down behind me, so I just drove and concentrated on the road in front of me. The appointment I was traveling to had a very small bearing on my leaving so abruptly, but primarily I felt I wanted the safety of the trucks to escort me away from this experience. It was a very meaningful experience to me, however, and now I know UFO\u2019s exist.  As I was driving away from this experience, I felt a sense of gratitude I had experienced it.  After getting out on the road again, I immediately came to Plum Creek and then Johnstown, and soon after that, Ainsworth.  I pulled in at the gas station, and saw the two big cattle trucks go by, and I\u2019ll always wonder if they saw anything.  They may not have, because the craft was  inconspicitious and the trucks were traveling very fast, and I recall some trees just to the left, or west,  of the craft.  The lights of this craft  appeared to be the source of the energy to navigate it, and with the many flashing lights and the whirling noise, it seemed like a happy little vehicle, just singing and whistling along, before  it spotted me.  Forgive me for  being repetitious, but I don\u2019t have time to make this a grammatically correct manuscript. Some of you who are reading this are probably appreciative of my repetition as I don\u2019t want to leave out any important points that I know I experienced. When I was first parked, and looked at it, it shut down to no sound and even though there were some lights, they were not flashing and they were very few in number.  The craft was completely stationary, suspended in air about 15 ft. off the ground.   I could see through the spacecraft, and could see the interior but could see no objects.    I would gauge it just a few feet on the other side of the fence line (standard distance from a road) and suspended approximately 15 ft. in the air.  The last thing I want to relate is what I said, outloud, because I think they heard me, understood me, and that is what caused them to take a better look at me.  When I first saw the vehicle (which I assumed was a plane) I distinctly recall what I said, and that I said it out loud.  My windows were rolled up incidentally.   After glancing at this vehicle initially, I assumed it was some rich person\u2019s vehicle because it would cost a lot (just judging from the power and the energy I could see and hear) and I said, \u201cYou\u2019re a sophisticated little plane.\u201d   Then I recall saying, as I\u2019m driving down the road not even looking back at it, \u201clittle fancy dancy plane!\u201d   Then, I remember saying, not having any idea the craft was anything other than being a mile or two away from me, \u201cWow, twenty or thirty lights!!\u201d more or less to confirm in my mind what I had just seen. (When I first laid eyes on it, it was just having a good old time, clearing treetops and all those 20 to 30 lights flashing, making a lot of whirling sounds.  It appeared to be feeling very good.)  Then, I realized it had reversed itself, and it was still parallel to the road I was traveling down, at approximately 60 mph, and that\u2019s when I said, out loud, as I pulled off the road,  \u201cBoy, I\u2019ve got to have a better look at you!\u201d  I stopped on the shoulder of the road, put my pickup in park and rolled down the window.  And there was no more talking, just looking at this space craft, as I have attempted to describe it.  I definitely remember hearing the small purr being cut even more, so there was absolutely no sound as it was suspended in air.  I sensed no evil or ill feeling.  It was a friendly force.  I sensed curiosity on their part, and I greatly appreciated this experience, even though I did get scared and wanted to be ahead of the trucks and not left behind.  I hope to see another space vessel sometime, if I am so blessed.  If I do, I will  try  to be braver. But, you have to admit, I was pretty brave the other morning when I had this great experience. Before October 6th, I really didn\u2019t believe in UFO\u2019s.  I had not been drinking or smoking anything, I was totally sober and have been for years.  I know what time I left Valentine, and what time I arrived in Ainsworth, and there was no great lapse of time.  I imagine my encounter lasted only a couple minutes from the time I first spotted this noisey  craft, when the craft returned to my proximity, when I parked to observe it and  when I pulled out on the road again.  The man I talked to on the phone from this website asked me to draw a picture of the relationship of the size of the  vehicle I saw to the sun in the sky.  I think this would be confusing, I\u2019ve given you the measurements as best as I can recall them.  If I would have to do that, it would be close to the relationship of a 3x5 file card to a penny.   Thank you for your attention."
"Two seperate lights hovering and moving in circular motion. Returning home from college basketball game.  My son was driving and noticed two lights hovering east of us over the Organ Mountains.  They looked approximately 2 miles apart from each other.  The lights were flashing red and blue and would move in circles.  One stayed still while the other one moved side to side (left to right) and then made circles in a clock-wise manner at a very rapid speed.  We recorded them on our camera.  They eventually faded away."
"A circular disc shaped object came from southwest to north, hesitated, shifted to Northwest.   It left no vapor trail and made no noise. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright orange round light moving over city We saw a bright glowing round orange light in the sky which moved in a southern direction, gaining height before disappearing suddenly. I am a retail manager and my boyfrind is an electronic engineer and we were doing dishes when i noticed the light,called my boyfriend who suggested i video it on my mobile phone(which i did). exactly one month later on November 2nd 2008 my mum called me and described seeing the same light but moving in a northerly direction over her house - she had not seen the video yet our desciptions were virtually identical."
"((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Extremely bright light north of Elizabethtown, PA Upon looking into the sky I observed an extremely bright light, it appeared to be moving from west to east at an unknown but slow rate of speed.   At first I thought it was a star but it began to emit an extremely bright white light.  It slowly light up becoming the brightest light in the sky and then disappeared.   I continued looking into its direction for a few minutes for blinking lights like that of a plain turning around but there was nothing.   I live near MDT an am very use to all types of aircraft.   This was not a firework either.  The height of the object seemed as high as the constellation of the Big Dipper at the time of the incident."
"AN OBJECT AT FIRST GLANCE APPEARS TO BE MOON LIKE BUT IS SOME SORT OF AIRCRAFT. I OBSERVED A VERY LARGE SPHERICAL BRIGHT LIGHT AS I WAS TRAVELING IN A SOUTHWESTERLY DIRECTION APPROXIMATELY 76TH.  AND RAWSON, FRANKLIN WISCONSIN AT 5:30 AM ON THE 25TH. OF APRIL 2013, AS I OBSERVED THE LIGHT I QUICKLY DISMISSED A CONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT AS THE SPHERICAL LIGHT WAS TOO LARGE AND TO BRIGHT ALMOST AS IF IT WERE A SMALL MOON AND THAT NOTICEABLE AS WELL.I OBSERVED THE OBJECT 6 MINUTES OR SO AND IT APPEARED TO HAVE SLIPPED BEHIND THE CLOUDS AND LATTER THOUGHT, WAIT A MINUTE, THERE ARE NO CLOUDS, IT MUST HAVE SHOT STRAIGHT UP IN A BLINK AND DISAPPEARED.  I PERSONALLY HAVE BEEN AN UNBELIEVER OF UFOS' TILL NOW.  I AM AN I.S EMPLOYEE AND I HAVE ALWAYS APPLIED LOGIC TO WHATEVER AND THIS GOES BEYOND, KIND"
"White cylindrical object spotted hovering stationary well above cloud level.  Appears to be staying completely still, as shown by clouds moving quickly past it.  Shape is hard to determine from this distance but it almost looks like a syringe.  Seems to be lower than the planes flying by. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly one of the high-altitude balloons, reportedly launched and maintained by DARPA??  PD))"
"Saw 1 white shaped tic tac craft fly over airplane."
"UFO spotted over NC & SC. Charlotte Observer, The (NC) January 26, 2007 Section: MAIN Edition: ONE-THREE Page: 1A     WHAT WAS THAT LIGHT IN THE SKY? UNKNOWN FREAKY ORB DREW EYES, IMAGINATIONS ACROSS AREA   Earthlings, you've had an otherworldly experience, a cosmic encounter.  About 8 p.m. Wednesday, something peculiar flashed in the sky - something twinkly, something colorful, something eye-catching. Something strange. And blue. Or green. Or blue-green.  \"Bright blue-green ball with a white tail,\" says one man from Shelby, who spotted it just west of Blacksburg, S.C., after dinner at a Steak House.  \"A greenish-like light low in the sky,\" says a woman, driving home from church with her kids near Matthews. \"We thought a small plane or helicopter was going to crash.\"  \"A slow-moving bluish glow,\" says a man from Polkton and who watched it while soaking in his hot tub.  \"Large, bright green ball,\" says another man, who was headed to Chick-fil-A in Gastonia with his wife and four children after church. \"Had a haze about it.\"  \"Almost looked like a flare,\" reports a lady, who was on Interstate 485. \"Kind of creepy.\"  Venus, perhaps? It's often a suspect in UFO sightings, particularly when it's as bright as it is right now.  Not Venus. It vanished beneath the horizon about 7 p.m.  Stricken plane?  Nope. All aircraft accounted for.  Space junk? Errant satellite?  Negative, says NORAD. No re-entries of the sizable man-made objects they track.  OK. So ... alien object?  Bingo. But not the E.T. variety.  \"A fireball,\" says the observatory director and astronomy professor at Appalachian State University in Boone.  Based on the reports, the director believes it was an unusually bright meteor that burned up about 30 miles high in the atmosphere somewhere above Charlotte. Sightings came from more than 100 miles away.  Many witnesses say the light appeared to fizzle at the end and break into pieces, making it a special kind of fireball called a bolide. In the universe of meteors, they're A-List entertainers, known for their splashy finales.  Each day, an estimated 4 billion meteors burn up in Earth's atmosphere. Most are the size of sand grains, but rocks tumble in, too. NASA estimates that the Earth packs on several tons a day in meteors.  Some witnesses who contacted the Observer on Thursday wondered whether it could be debris from the recent anti-satellite test by China.  Probably not - but maybe, says a spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command near Colorado Springs, Colo., which tracks satellites and space junk - everything from lost screwdrivers to astronaut gloves. He says he's been getting an unusually high number of calls this week about things spotted in the sky.  China's satellite-zapping exercise has probably increased space litter by about a million pieces, making it nearly as untidy as Interstate 77 in Charlotte.  \"It's anybody's guess,\" the spokesman says, \"what direction this stuff has gone.\""
"Out my backyard , loking north east out onto midrivers drive.  At approx 22:15 a white and red diamond shaped light rose straight up into the air then swayed left to right like a rocking chair then at one point stopped at the left then shot straight to the right diagonally.  All the while the red and white lights kept changing spots as it rocked but turned completely white as it shot to the right."
"3 glowing orange lights. Looking westward we saw three orange lights that hovered and the began to ascend two of the lights moved north east and the third was moving erratically left right and the it disappeared just above the horizon.  They moved in such a way that no plane could fly."
"low flying silent aircraft also reduces noise of heavy traffic I don\u2019t think this was a ufo, but rather some secret VERY quiet aircraft of some sort that passed near overhead at around 5:35 pm.  (Dec 10. '17 ) heading  northwest.    I went outside to grab a smoke, and almost immediately I saw off to the north east a craft rather low but seemed much larger then a Cessna and this made me curious about it, and I listen for the engine noise, NONE!  No sooner then that I began to feel a pressure wave in cycles ( about 2 per sec ) but NO NOISE,  and here\u2019s where it got strange, I live 300 yards from a major highway and the sound from the traffic also was muffled during these cycles \u2026. Quiet \u2013 then normal \u2013quiet \u2013 normal repeatedly, I could feel a pressure on my ear drums very similar to going deep in a swimming pool, the same kind of pressure the same deadening of sound\u2026.. I estimate that the sound of the highway traffic dropped by 80% during these cycles so it was very evident this craft was doing something to cause it. I watched the aircraft head away with my ears paying close attention to the traffic noise and after the craft was \u00bc ~ \u00bd  mile away  the normal traffic noise returned and the pressure on the ear drums went away. Its speed was that of a Cessna, but there was enough visual indicters showing that this was larger, a helicopter of some sort,  Drone?"
"Driving by Mt. Olympus on hgwy215 heading south. Noticed plains in the sky, then I noticed above the western mountain range near Mercur where the sun sets; a bright, bigger than plains, light that started small but flashed really bright then vanished, a sharp fine point reddish green line of light went from where the Object was and im assuming where it went which was North West over the Range. The line lasted 5seconds and the light from when I noticed it lasted a few seconds."
"Six red-orange orbs appear over Davie skies. Date: 12/28/2008 Time: 9:17 P.M. Duration: 2-3 minutes City: Davie Country: United States of America  Witnesses: 5-6  Number of Crafts: 3-6   In Davie, Florida on Sunday December 28, 2008, my family and I were heading south on Flamingo road, just past the American Heritage Academy.  Around 9:14 P.M, my brother pointed out three redish-orange, spherical objects in the sky, which we soon discovered three more to reach a total of six.  We pulled out our digital camera, but the objects were too small to be considerably noticeable.  Frantically, we pulled into the parking lot of Publix, just down that road, where we stopped and witnessed the six objects.  We sat there, befuddled, trying to determine what it was.  I remember rolling down my window, trying to determine if they were radio antennae. They appeared to be slow-moving, however, it moved faster than our car, which was traveling at about 35 miles per hour.  In the parking lot, another man pulled off of the same road to witness these objects. They stopped in the sky and appeared to align themselves in regular patterns.  The formation was as followed:  Four lights formed a square while the other two slanted in a line below the square.  They seemed to be midway in the sky, not near the horizon, but where you would expect to see radio towers.  They appeared to be the size of a planet in the night sky, but smaller than the moon.  From where we were standing, they looked to be about 10-30 feet in diameter. We stood in the parking lot watching them line up and move along for about 2-3 minutes.  During this time, an airplane flew below it, however, records at the Hollywood International Airport state that everything was as it should\u2019ve been, and no special aircraft were in the air at that area or that time. The quantity and formation of the lights changed, however, the color did not.  They seemed to be heading west, towards the Florida Everglades.  After the experience, I noticed a faint ringing in my left ear on my way home which soon subsided."
"Triangle shaped ship with white lights , moving silently threw the sky  It was a Huge Triangle shape ship with four to six white lights on the bottom of the V shape. About 3 football fields big.  Everything was dead silent, and a feeling of fear grips us.  We couldn't believe what we were seeing.  We were on a wooded highway with very little traffic at this time of night.  The object was moving silently just above the tree tops.  We were so scared.  I began to drive very fast away from the object.  We became very sleepy shortly after this event and pulled over in a church parking lot to rest. When we awoke 3hours had passed.  The rest of our drive was spent pretty much in silence, until we arrived home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Red/Orange fireball-type light moves east, then west, then ascends and dims out. On December 31, 2013 at 19:01 local time, while walking to my car from a retail parking lot, I observed in the sky a red/orange light in the sky.  The object appeared to be approximately five to six thousand feet in altitude and four to five miles west-southwest of downtown Clarkston, Washington.  The object appeared to flicker a bit during the nine minute observation of the object before it finally dimmed out completely.  At the object\u2019s brightest (when I first observed it), it appeared to be about the intensity of the planet, Venus, shortly after sunset.  The object appeared to travel east, then reverse direction and ascend slightly before dimming out to the point where it was no longer visible.  It dimmed out completely at 19:01. This object was most definitely not an aircraft of any sort.  The object did not have a rotating beacon, strobes, or any other position (navigation) lights required for nighttime flight. I am a commercial pilot with single engine and multi-engine ratings, as well as an FAA certificated flight instructor, so I\u2019m very familiar with what aircraft of all sorts look like in both daytime and nighttime flight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Streak of light caught on in the night sky by video surveillance camera. I have live footage of a very fast moving object appearing to be turning and climbing in altitude.  It went over a large amount sky in a split second.  The camera lens was too slow to actually pick up its speeds.  This leaving identical spaces in between the light beams.  I caught it on my security camera.  My neighbor just so happened to be walking out the door at the same time, triggering the camera.  When I looked at it, I was amazed what it caught."
"Bright Light traveling towards the East then quickly fading out. No Sound at all. Sitting on my front porch with my wife. An extremely bright light passed over the house heading east. This was BRIGHT, brighter than any other plane, jet or star in the sky. There was no sound at all, and there were no red/green lights. This was about the brightness of Venus in the winter when it is at its brightest. I watch for planes all the time, and this was definitely not the typical brightness. This light was heading west to east. I watched as it moved in a straight line. I watched till the end, when the light dimmed and disappeared. There were no other lights visible after the bright light disappeared. I took a very poor picture taken with my iPhone, where the light is clearly visible in the sky."
"Cigar shaped about 100 feet long one dim light in the front and one in the back was black On a dirt road off NM US 550, just a mile south of San Yisidro, NM, at 10:35 pm driving on top of a mesa, i seen a very dim light coming toward me as it got closer it was a very dark object  long cigars shaped  with on dim light in the front and one dim light in the back it flew right in front of me around 30 to 40 mph about 75 to 100 ft of the ground and about 100 yards in front of me it look to be about asking as 2 schools buses back to back so around a hundred feet long,  I was in shock of what I seen and it didn't make a sound I stopped and rolled down the window and not a sound, I never seen anything in my life of things in the sky,  I'm 5 and this was my first encounter all I know is this wasn't from our earth, I decided to report this today because in our local new I watched  a story about 2 airline pilots in 2 difrent planes seen a ruling object over new mexico, there's audio of the pilot and the air traffic control talking about the encounter,heres the ! link of that news story. http://www.kob.com/new-mexico-news/state-panel-to-consider-new-mexico-supreme-court-applicants/4839048/?cat=500  ( Sent from KOB 4 )"
"Bright triangle shaped object flies over gas station. A friend and I were pulling into a gas station and turned off the car. We then saw a triangle shaped object, with three bright lights coming out of the bottom, fly extremely fast over the gas station. It was very very low and heading west. I thought for a second it was going to crash. It was completely silent, no sound at all. We both said at the same time, \"Did you see that?!\" and we jumped out of the car. It was about a mile and a half away within a few seconds. We were both pointing when it started flashing red, white, and blue lights extremely fast. It looked like fireworks. It reminded us of cameras going off all at once, over and over. It then disappeared in the distance. No one, as far as I know, saw it but us.  It was flying too low to be a plane, too quiet to be a helicopter, and too fast to be a blimp. What else is left?  My friend and I didn\u2019t even believe in this stuff until we saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"10-12 hoovering balls of light At 10:00pm in the Eastern sky 10-12 orange balls of light in a formation of 2X2X2X2 one on top of the other with space in between.  Did not appear to be one object but multiples.  Reminded me briefly of trails left by fireworks but they stood still in the sky and just faded away 1 and 2 at a time.   From the time we noticed them we observed them for roughly a minute or more. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I walked out side and looked up an I see this bright green light like a fire ball shoot across the sky very low about right above the trees it was really fast and then it was gone"
"Near I-17 interstate a formation of orange soft steady glowing obs equally spaced apart were observed by my husband and I.    At the time of sighting over 5-8 neighborhood dogs were barking at one time.   Tried to video but they dissipated.    One from a distance came forward in sky then went back to where it started.  Completely different elevation than the flight patterns of planes."
"High flying objects spotted on Interstate-80 in Iowa on Sept 16th 2007 We were driving east on Interstate 80 in Iowa and it was very early in the morning, just getting light. I was watching what I thought might be a star but as I observed it, it's shape became more oblong and began to look more like a short contrail from a high flying jet but it did not appear to be moving or if it was moving it's movment  was very slow. I thought perhaps it's a comet? It was very high up.  We continued to watch as is it's shape began to look more like a \"V\" and we took a picture of it. You could not really see the object as much as what appeard to be it's trail.  We eventually passed under it at a very high altitude. Then my freind spotted two more of these high on the horizon and we eventually passed under each of them. They were odd looking, not really like a jet aircraft. I have a good picture I can submit. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of the event may be approximate.  PD))"
"There were 2 lights that were going really fast and were parallel to each other. There were 2 lights in the sky going really fast and were parallel to each other."
"Noticed lit object dipping, recoiling, then glided over a park near me.  Bright red and blue orbs from ufo.  5 ft diameter. I saw a lit object dancing in the air before it glid rapidly over a park.  Looked like a kite with neon red and blue lights.   The object flew very near to me over a brightly lit park, before it sank after flying over the roof of a house, never to be seen again.    Various witnesses saw the kite, drone like object.  Maybe it was a drone?"
"Saucer-like object seen passing by downtown Morgantown I was in a classroom and happened to look out the window just at the moment a spacecraft-looking object passed by.  It was moving at what I would call a normal velocity for an airplane (i.e. did not zip by). It was moving in such a way that it passed by all the windows in the classroom, so I had about 30 seconds to look closely at the object. At first I thought it was an airplane, but did not see any wings or tail; the object looked just like a saucer or the generic idea of what a UFO might look like. I honestly couldn't believe my eyes and kept watching as it passed by, looking intently because I expected to recognize it as an airplane.   I'm terrible at gauging distances, but the object seemed close enough to where I would have expected to hear some noise from the jets, were it an airplane.  I did not hear anything. The lack of tail was especially puzzling and I'm still convinced the object was not an airplane."
"Me, My sister, and Brother were all hanging out on the deck and we saw this bright ball of light moving extremely fast across the sky and then it got lighter and shot off and disappeared.   It wasn't a plane because all the other planes were flashing, it was going extremely too fast and it was too big to be a satellite and it wasn't a shooting star because this moved all over the sky.  It was so weird! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Two moving objects in space It was a clear night and I could see an object in space moving very quickly, like that of a satelite as seen in space by a human being on earth.  Then I noticed there was a second object hundreds of miles away from the first object, both moving in complete and utter sinc with each other.  It was two objects, because there were stars between them, but they seemed to mirror one another, never differing in distance from one another, both moving jaggedly but in complete sinc with one another, through space.  It struck me as the oddest thing I've ever seen.  Speaking nothing of the strangeness of their movements at such obvious distance from eachother, the things resembled satelites in color and size.  The whole thing lasted less than 5 minutes, until they were out of site beyond the tree line."
"3 bright orange lights seen over east Tucson On 12/04/13 at 19:00 I entered the parking lot of Sabino Canyon which is located on the edge of NE Tucson.  While getting things out of my car trunk for a night walk up the canyon, I looked to the SE over the very eastern edge of SE Tucson and saw a bright orange light about 3 times the size of Venus in the night sky.  The light was  self contained, laser precision and didn't have the star burst glare of plane headlights.  Even though it was self contained and was not emitting a flame in any way, it had the characteristics of being somewhat on fire. This light proceeded towards me from about 10 miles away and then turned and went up into the cloud layer above the nearby Rincon Mtns.  The event lasted about 45 seconds. Just a few seconds later another identical light appeared from behind a nearby hill again to the SE of me but farther west than the first object.  It seemed to be coming up right out of the city itself since it started so low.  Again it traveled somewhat towards me and then went up gradually in the clouds above the Rincons. By this time I had my binoculars out and noted that it had no running lights or any other colored lights around it.  This one took about one minute from start to finish of the sighting. Then yet another one appeared even farther to the west but this time was seen IN FRONT OF a very small hill just 2 to 3 miles away.  It then proceeded for 1 minute to climb up into the cloud layers above the Rincons traveling for one minute or less. There was no wind other than a mile zephyr breeze of 1 to 2 miles an hour.  All of these objects travelled several miles of sky in less than a minute each thus ruling out Chinese lanterns.  Also, it rules out that they came from Davis Monthan AFB since the last light was seen starting it's course in front of the hill just a couple miles from me and also the AFB is located farther west from where the first 2 came from. There was no sound emitted from any of these objects.  I saw the last object VERY clearly through my binoculars and it had no running lights as noted with the 2nd one as well."
"Disk with blue lights sequencing with white light emanating in spray in Boston MA 8/19/14 330 AM I was outside smoking holding my cat, looked up, there was a round object in the sky.  Blue lights on the bottom and the lights appeared to be rotating.  A white light emanated from the craft in a spray around the object.  It was just hovering above Copley Square in Boston MA.   It stayed there long enough for me to go outside again and take a photo, though it was too distant and too dark for my camera to catch.  All it looks like on the photo is a pulsing star but this was no star and no stars have circulating blue lights on the outside on the bottom that go in sequence.   Clearly this was some other kind of craft.  One if many I have seen this summer in Boston MA.  Though the others were spheres and multicolored."
"Circular light pattern over Lake Erie flying straight up toward sky eventually disappearing Light shaped object hovered over Lake Erie and them flew upwards, eventually disappearing into the sky.  My wife and I could not figure out what it was.  It definitely was not a plane as those do not fly straight up. The only other thing it could have been was some sort of rocket, but that seems unusual coming out of the Cleveland/Lake Erie area. The only way I can describe it is as a sort of circular light pattern.  Very strange.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"We were crossing the Courtney Campbell Causeway in a traffic jam the causeway has a bunch of Brazilians for barbecuing and the beaches were jammed pack we didn't even place to park traffic is running at a snails pace when all of a sudden everybody in their cars got out of the car and starting looking towards the mouth of the Tampa Bay area that's when you can see on the other side of the two other causeway a large plate like saucer as it went over our heads covered the sky you can only see from a hundred eighty degrees from horizon to horizon only about 20% of the sky could be seen all around us as it was traveling it was making a tremendous amount of sound that if you were next to somebody yelling it will even be able to hear you it took about 8 10 minutes to come from the horizon when it came from to Passover ahead and leave everyone was stunned and shocked when they saw this then go over us this day I don't forget the loud sound it makes that I have memorized in my mind."
"Multiple Neon Green Objects Flying In Formation Back in the winter of 1980, I had been spending  my weekends skiing in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.  I had been traveling every weekend to the North country throughout the winter, always in the early hours of Saturday morning as I had a second shift engineering job and I would not leave my Massachusetts workplace until 12:30 am.  So, the times of my being northbound on US Route 93 was 2:00 am onward. On the early March Saturday morning in question,  there had been a terrible rain and snow storm.  This storm was typical of the type of late winter storm that occurs in New England.  Because of the weather conditions and the time of night, there were no vehicles traveling, or if they were, vehicles were few and far between.  As I proceeded North conditions remained treacherous.  I had just passed  the city of Concord NH on US Route 93 when the stormy weather suddenly stopped and driving conditions were back to normal.  No slush on the highway, no freezing rain or snow falling.  It was just me and the highway with a smattering of vehicles moving normally in both north and south directions. Suddenly, ahead of me, I saw a strange glow moving south heading towards and directly ahead of me.  This glow was below the very low cloud cover.  I remember I was watching the sky anyways as the storm had just stopped and the driving conditions had returned to normal. This glow was moving very quickly, like a blink of an eye.  Then, the low flying glow became this neon green light.  My view to the sky was keen as the car I owned then had a very large windshield that came up to almost my driving position and provided me with a panoramic view of the sky.  As the green glow quickly came to me, I suddenly saw a large number of what I would describe as objects in the shape of white corpuscles, only neon green.  There were, as best that I can remember, about a dozen of these objects all flying in formation, one after the other passing directly overhead of me.  The last three were abit a skewed to one side but still in formation, one after the other.  I saw these objects fly in total silence over my car moving just under the low cloud cover. My first reaction was to quickly stop my car.  I turned around and saw these objects continue on their southerly direction following the ribbon of highway and disappear into the low cloud cover.  The clouds reflected the green glow. Then they were gone as quickly as they had appeared. I remember thanking God for allowing me to see something that I could truly not explain. I also saw just a very small handful of cars stopped on the north and southbound side of the highway as I was.  I regret not jumping out to talk to these drivers about what we had just seen. I remember this experience as though it had happened yesterday, the vision still fresh in my mind.  I don\u2019t tell people about it as they would not be able to comprehend it.  I have a BSc degree from Dalhousie University on Halifax N.S.  My career has been in Engineering and up until last year I was a Unix Analyst for ten years with a major American investment company.  I swear that this statement is true. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Light as bright as star moving east. constant speed.  Would stop for about 10 seconds, then continue on.  Would fade completely out then be real bright again, the stops were about 6 times. then just went out and was gone."
"Light flying in from above, descending, hovering I finally made some headway and got to see it fly in. I've been seeing these weird lights at night lately, and I've posted about them here before.  I would like to clarify that it is neither a planet, nor a star because I actually saw it fly in.  A green light flew down from above, and descended, moving around from side to side momentarily as if it was looking for where to stop, and then it stopped and just hovered in a location northeast of me.   I am on M-50, the ufo looks like it is up past North Custer road.  Looking through the binoculars on a night that is becoming progressively more foggy, it is hard to see anything other than a green circular light.  It has moved up a little bit from where it was before, but it is out there as I type this.  I probably wont stay up all night watching it but it's been out there for a little over an hour."
"Four stationary lights visible for two hours off Seven Mile Road, and Newburgh, in Livonia Michigan-July 2, 2015-10:p.m.-12:00a.m. At 10:00 p.m. on July 2, 2015, I noticed four very low lights that could be seen to the northwest of Livonia, Michigan, off of Seven Mile Road and Newburgh.  They looked to be over the Northville, or Farmington Hills, area.   There were two larger lights in front that seems to be pulsating.  In the back, were two more smaller round lights that didn't seem to be pulsating.   I went inside to get my parents.  We could not make the shape out of the craft.  The four lights possibly being two large ones in the front of the craft, and two smaller ones in the back of the craft.  It was visible for about two hours.   At 12:30 a.m., on July 3, I checked back outside, after going inside for a half hour, and the lights were finally gone.  They were stationary for two hours, and no one else seemed to be outside viewing the lights in our area, they were very visible and unlike anything we have ever seen, in person, in our lifetime.  It resembled lights we had seen in previous UFO footage aired on television programs."
"Holiday f.l. mass in the sky escorted by a black helicopter At 5:18 am on Monday morning in Holiday F.L ( PASCO COUNTY) TWO AIRCRAFT,  ONE A BLACK UNMARKED HELICOPTER AND THE OTHER DARK OF OVAL SHAPE (WITHOUT LIGHTS ANYWHERE) FLYING LOW ON THE WEST COAST HEADING SOUTH. THIS HELICOPTER WAS INDEED ESCORTING THIS DARK MASS OF AN OBJECT FLYING AT A DECENT SPEED THE HELICOPTER WAS LOUD DUE TO BEING QUITE LOW, THE OBJECT HAD NO SOUND! WHATSOEVER.  THIS DARK OBJECTS SHAPE WAS NOT AT ALL OF A PLANE NOR ANOTHER HELICOPTER..  WHY WAS THERE NO LIGHTS AT ALL???   WHAT IS GOING ON THIS MORNING.  MAYBE GOING TO MAC-DILL AIR FORCE BASE. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  See other report, possibly from other witness.  PD))"
"2 fireballs illuminated the night sky 2 fireball unidentified flying objects within 50 yards apart flying at very low speeds for about 5-10 minutes, disappearing at a distance.   They appeared to be at 1/10 of the size of the moon estimated."
"Red and green flashing lights on hovering sphere object Flashing red and green lights on a spherical object seen hovering above rooftops, moved left and right in a hovering motion above 3 apartment rooftops for about 4 minutes then hovered up and down quickly for about 1 minute then disapeared below rooftop.   Object made a static high pitch whisteling/humming sound.  Occured at approx. 9:08pm on Tuesday February 11th, in Mukwonago, WI.   Confused on what this object could be, at first sight it looked like a red and green firework that was just launched into the sky right before they blow up and create a large pattern, then it started moving left and right and up and down, object went too high in the sky to be some sort of flying remote controlled toy.   2 witnesses, but others were outside and driving near as well.   Not sure what this object was and would like an answer."
"Large bright golden triangle moving rapidly from west to east near zenith then suddenly vanishes About 10:35 pm, on the night of July 29, 2016, I stepped out into my yard with the dog.  I moved around the corner of the house into darkness to look at stars.   A few seconds after I began skygazing, a bright metallic golden wedge shape appeared from the west, moving very fast.  It struck me immediately how large and well defined the shape was, and how fast it was moving, at about the apparent speed of some faster meteors.   At about the time it reached due south of me, it winked totally out as if it were reflecting the sun which had set a couple of hours prior.  It seemed to be traveling due west to east and was 10 to 15 degrees below zenith.  When it winked out, it was gone - it apparently had no lights, and made no noise and was not on fire nor falling apart.   A jet was traveling to the  northwest at high altitude in the same area of the sky, its lights blinking regularly, but I couldn't see any sun reflecting from it.  The jet moved much much more slowly th! an did the UFO, on the order of 20 times more slowly. I am at 47.9 lat x 117.7 long. What was it? ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  We would like to communicate with the witness, but have no means of contacting him/her.  PD))"
"Numerous red \"dots\" moving South to North As I was coming home from work, I noticed some bright red \"dots\" in the sky.  Probably 10 of them at once.  They were moving South to North very slowly and seemed to burn out as they moved North.  They weren't in any type of recognizable \"formation\" but their spacing never varied.  There was no noise that I could hear from my location. As the dots moved to the North and disappeared, more would come up form the horizon in the South- usually just one or two at a time.  They also kept their spacing like the previous ones.  I did manage to take some pictures and video footage, but it's hard to see them due to the full moon and ambient lighting from street lights."
"Fast moving bright light traveling east, south east.   Very unusual.  Not a plane."
"Solid Black Blob What was seen in the dusk sky was a huge completely black solid blob. It was moving across the sky slowly.  The 3 of us that were upstairs at the time seen it.   When I ran downstairs to get others to see it and to grab the camera, it was gone.  It was seen for only 1 minute.  It took me 30 to 45 seconds to run down the stairs and for someone to go looking for it.  There were no lights on it.  There was no sound with it."
"Lights in the Sky at Jimmy Buffett Concert While enjoying a Jimmy Buffett concert Saturday night, the crowd witnessed a series of glowing orb light pass of the BB&T Pavilion.   They seemed to be rising and heading slowly west out over the Delaware River toward Philly."
"So, there was a cigar-shaped object in the sky that would lighting up and changing colors, it was not a plane.  The light showed up then disappeared and Flash out of place.   The sky is cloudy, it is almost night/dark."
"Saw a orange light traveling at a high rate of speed. Saw a bright orange light traveleing across the sky.  It traveled above plane altitude at a fast rate of speed.  We live above a known commercial plane highway and we definitly know that this was not a commercial plane.  It traveled above us and to the the southwest.  We know that this did not have any other light signitures"
"Cylindrical object with bright orange light. While relaxing on my patio at about 2115 hours I saw a cylindrical object in the sky.  It was about 9\u2019 tall and 5\u2019 wide.  It had a bright orange light that changed colors at the bottom and made no noise.  It traveled from east to west near the Lincoln municipal airport.  It traveled very slowly in a steady non changing course.  It was dusk and there were fireworks in the vicinity."
"The object came from my right, flying low, silent and slow, and vanished in front of the moon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"four orange lights in the sky We were pulling into our driveway when we noticed 4 reddish orange lights in the sky.  The lights were a little spread out. It was a cloudy evening and no other stars were visable.  We got out of the car and look up at the lights there was no sound.  We watched for about 3 minutes then the lights disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"7 Witness a U.F.O As me and my family were traveling back home from a beach condo, we started to cross the Bailey Bridge in Lynn Haven. We had just got on as my father(who was driving) Noticed something in the sky. He pulled over and jumped out, ordering us to come out and see. As I got out I noticed two other cars had already pulled over. Suddenly my little brother pointed to the sky and i looked up. I saw a disk shaped object fairly close to the bridge with approximately eleven lights on the bottom, one giant light in the middle. The object seemed to be a metallic blue, containing a 3-d outer trim on the edges. A I stand in awe, It slowly ascends and and quickly zooms away."
"Amazing blue silvery saucer type object -amazingly beautiful At first it seemed like an unusual cloud-but then it started spinnin and gaining momentum turning somehwat silverish/bright blue somewhat the color of the sky intermixed then it started forming shape --gradually as it sort of affixed me i regained conscioussness i guess and it made a solid bright moon colored circle and then it widened i could make out a saucer type object huge as big as the sky but made quick disappearance-as if cutting a slice in the sky then zippin the sky quickly back up--I was not scared or freaking out i was delighted and tried to reach it and asked it to come back and now when I bring it back into vision and it seems like i speak to it and it listens and i get this warm feeling between my naval and my pelvic regions so warm it feels really good--well I had seen another cigar shaped object on a flight from Chicago to San Antonio while in flight a couple of years back before this and it always boggled my mind-i told people..but and it s! eeemed like i was carried thru-out the plane-as if i was scanning people i could c what they were reading as if i was probing them then suddenly i somehwat snapped and i looked around to c if anyone had seen it too--but nothing everybody was like just there and we arrived in san antonio --i told some family and people from work --and wrote to the national ufo something or the other--but that was it and this was a couple of years back the earlier just happened.  thanksA"
"The red light stayed in the same spot then moved slightly and disapeared.  The light was pulsating. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Flying orange lights in no formation At exactly 10:02 on July 23, 2012 my husband and I were driving  east on I-435 in Overland Park, KS when we both saw 6 or 7 flying orange lights in the sky...they were coming from the south, then lowered in elivation and headed west.   They were not in any type of formation, these \"lights\" all differed.  Some sped up faster than others, some were lower and higher up, and they would fly closer and farther apart.  I even got a video of this.   In NO way could this be some kind of plane or weather ballon or any kind of US aircraft.  This HAD to be an UFO."
"7 circle shaped objects flashing lights flying in the sky compacted together then seperated There was seven circle objects flying in a line then breaking that formation and they seemed to fly very close together then they all split up four flew off in to the right direction and three went left towards Dublin they were not making much noise and they were flying very low lower than an aeroplane would go very spooky stuff ill be watching the sky for more info and ill keep yas all updated. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  We assume that the date above is flawed, and that the date of the sighting should read Saturday, October 06, 2012.  We have amended the date above.  We have no way of knowing whether the report is intended as a serious-minded account of what the unidentified witness claims to have seen.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Slow moving UFO through semi-cloud cover on the night of a meteor shower, most definatly not a meteor. That night, I was on my roof trying to see the expected meteor shower. Around 1 o'clock, the clouds began to roll in. The shower was supposed to be at 2 I believe.  At 1:26, I witnessed the craft come into view from my left, behind me.  It was very low to the trees. I turned around and watched it go left across the sky.  It was absolutely silent.  Being accustomed to all types of planes or helicopters flying over head, I knew what to listen for.  But there was nothing.  It had two white lights on the front, and then three more white, yet somewhat smaller, down the side. These lights would strobe on and off. In a pattern.  The first would light, the second one would light, then the third would light. Each of these would fade as the next came on.  It was somewhat cigar shaped, but had a wider front end. I watched it slowly glide to the left, and then slowly arch back to the right, over the tree tops, and slip out of sight.  The craft was going very slow.  But it felt so! close.  Literally 500 feet away from me.  I should've taken a picture, but I was too captivated by what I was seeing."
"Three lights in a row moved over Madison, WI. There were three lights in a row:  white, white, blue.  I at first thought it was an airplane, but the object circled in a way that an airplane cannot.  The lights remained stable in relation to each other as the object moved.  It was high enough that at times one or more of the lights were hidden by the clouds.  It moved more like a kite than a plane or helicopter, yet the lights were large enough that I doubt a kite could have held them at that altitude.  The object moved in a straight line, curved, stood still, moved up and down.  There was no sound.  After about five minutes it disappeared behind the tree line, and I did not see it again.  I do not know how long it was in the sky before I first saw it. I am a forty-five year old white female, a teacher, college-educated.  I have never seen a \"UFO\" before.  This took place at about 8:45 PM, it was dark and overcast.  It took place in Middleton, WI, on the edge of Madison."
"3 bright lighted aircraft that was a shape of boomerang or somthing (green, white, and red) On the evening of 9/9/2011 at 10:00 pm during the Blackout in San Diego County we my family were all sitting in our living room probably like most families with candles all over.  We had no electricity through out the county what so ever.  My wife and kids were on the lap tops. I was just sitting there with them but we had the radio on to see when we can here the electricity would come back on. At 10:00 pm I decided to go outside to see if any of the surrounding housing areas lights had come out. It was very hot as well. I walked in the middle of the culdisak and looked down the street into the valley. As I was looking I glanced up into the sky. I seen an object that was really bright.  I mean real bright! It was green, white, and red bright lights all around it. It's shape was kind of a boomerang or something like that.  The only thing though again it was real bright. As I kept looking at it it was not moving. After about 20 seconds of still looking at it I sai! d to myself that is a UFO. I then seen it move from one area where I will call point A to another point where I will call point B It would go back and forth for around 3 different times to point A and B. It would stop at each location. I say it was around 15,000 ft in the sky. I base that on because an airplane is around 30,000 ft.  The movement to both points were not very fast it seemed like it was cruising. After 3 min or so I was still amazed.  I then ran to my neighbors house accross the street and banged on his door to see if he can comeout and witness what I was looking at. His house was the only one with generator on. But he did not answer.  The object was stil there just going back and forth. I then called a friend named Melinda to run outside of her house so she can see it. I called Melinda because she lived close by. But no Answer. I then called a friend of mine named Jarvis. He lives in South San Diego. He answered and I told him to run outside his house to see if ! he can see the object. He could not see it. I guess he was too! far sou th. After I got off the cell with him I then ran back into my house and yelled to my wife and kids to run outside.They ran outside and I told them to look into the sky. They all looked up and said what is that. I told them this is crazy but this is a UFO an Unidentified flying object! They looked at it and just kept looking at it. I was so excited of seeing it I do not remember how it left. I was tripping out! I will never forget how it looked. Bright green, white, and red lights all over. It was the size of maybe a 727. I also remember it took a dip into the valley and shot back up. Well after my kids and wife looked at it I then went to my front yard and called a few friends to tell them what I saw. They just were listening and asking me questions. After I got off the phone with them I then went back into the house and yelled not to loud but \"I wish I would have recordeed that\". Well little did I know my son recorded it with his I phone and my daughter with her cell phone.! The video you will see on wwww.youtube.com is nothing you have ever saw or witnessed before. The beginning of the video is where I witnessed myself the most. You know looking right at the shape and everythng.  When you go to wwww.youtube.com and put in the search bar (UFO sighting 9/9/2011 during San Diego blackout) you will see my video. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"6-8 orange red lights in a horizontal line flying above at low altitude, and low air speed. 6-8 orange lights in a horizontal line.  The event lasted about a minute, the lights flew over at relatively low altitude, and low air speed.  They were traveling about as fast as a helicopter.  The lights produced a sound similar to a flock of geese flying above."
"I saw a red object hovering in the sky on August 20, 2010, from 9:25 to 9:29 pm, south-southwest of Shafter, CA.  I hung around for a co A very large, silent, bright red object travelling from the north to the south.  It stopped to hover for about 1 minute before zipping away at a very high speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"A UFO sighting in Sweetwater, Tennessee in 1982, witnessed by many On our way back from Englewood, Tennessee, me, my parents and sister witnessed a UFO hovering over a pasture just above the tree lines.  Craft was about the length of a three football fields long and was black with small windows around the mid-section of the craft.  You could not hear any birds or any animal noises that you would normally hear in the country. My parents took me and my sister home so they could go and see if they could see the craft any better from another area of the country.  My Parents told me to call the Airport to see if they had any missing blimps or aircraft in the area, which the conversation was recorded by the McGhee Tyson Airport Tower.  They gave me a number to call, but when I called it, it was a number to an institution for the crazy/insane.  I called them back to tell them this was no joke and it was very real.  I also know of others that lived in the same area, that also witnessed hearing a hovering sound over their residence and that their TV started making static sounds and they lost their picture but then a few seconds later, went back to normal. I have seen other UFO activity since then, up in the skies where they were flying irractically in the night sky back in 1988, in Maryville, Tennessee, while watching the stars at night.  My husband is not a believer of UFO's, but he could not explain the fast moving lights or what it could have been, since he is a Geographer and knows that stars can't move around like what he was seeing. I believe in UFO's and no one can convince me they do not exist.   I believe they are here to see how we react to unknown visitors and believe we are part of them in some way or another, but until we can be a peaceful nation, they will not present themselves because of our cruelty to others. If we show a more peaceful approach to unknown visitors, I beleive we can learn what we need to, to see why we are here and what our real purpose is for survival.  We can learn a lot from them, if given the chance to do so, and I hope that in my lifetime, we can have the opportunity to be friends with all the other unknowns in our Universe, because I believe they are others out there on Planets just like ours, that we haven't gotten to explore yet, but because of our limited education, many find it hard to accept that there is a higher being out there besides us, and they are out there, waiting for the right time to present themselves when we can accept that there is a more advance race than we will ever become for thousands of years down the road. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"We observed a oval shaped greenish object in the sky.  It was quickly moving from west to east.  It moved so fast that it seemed to look like it left a tracer of light.  It moved into view as we were driving on Lake City Hwy.  It moved in and out of view in 3 seconds.  As we turned a corner the sky opened up and I saw it again very briefly move across the sky and out of view."
"Brilliant flash of light illuminating my entire line of sight for 2 seconds approximately. Was looking out open window and a white light lit up the entire area for a second or two. Not a sound, the moon is full and  bright.  Felt pressure in my ears and it was gone.   I looked up in the sky and saw nothing, I was looking to the back yard not up, when it happened.   Very curious as to what this was.  Cameras active in the area have got to have picked it up.  Please do a search of local cams around 22032 in heart of Fairfax City, Virginia. between 3:57 and 4:00, as that's the estimated time of the event as I got to my phone a minute later.  To be more accurate, it was probably at 3:58/3:59, duration 2 seconds."
"Triangular UFO sighting southbound I-10 (Butler County, AL) We were driving southbound on I-10 past the Grace/ Garland exits. I (driver) noticed a faint light about a mile down.  We were probably driving about 65mph due to us hailing a pretty heavy trailer.  Although faint, it was pretty easy to notice considering the lack of manmade light source around that area. The object was right, RIGHT above the tree line. As we gained,  I saw the ROUNDED triangular shape. 3 lights on each corner also were now in sight.  This is when I realized it was something worth pointing out.  I pointed at it and said, \u201cUm, what is that?\u201d.  My colleague also expressed the same question. About 100 yards and closing - I realize the initial glow I saw was centralized, white, with a faint hint of blue and I could now see a whispy like fog coming off of it.  Of course with the amount of drones flying around these days, it was my second thought, following random-unnecessarily high-interstate-light pole. 50 yds away (slowed down to 50 MPH - I noticed it was slowly hovering about 10MPH, so we didn\u2019t see it was actually moving until we were close.  we could now see that it was far too large to be a light pole or drone, yet too small to be a plane or jet, to our knowledge. We continued asking the same question to each other.  We agreed about the sizing, glowing, hovering, and movement speed. I proclaimed, \u201cI can\u2019t identify that!\u201d, nervously laughing.  I knew that this was important and wanted to pull over, but my passenger urged me to continue driving due to the coned off construction lane we were in.  We would have been stopped on the interstate with vehicles a mile behind us inbound. My background with this is that I\u2019ve heard 2 stories of sightings, which came from pretty truthful sources. It always intrigued me and I was looking forward to it.  This excited/ perplexed me.  I was disappointed to not stop and take a fixated look at it. I first looked up military bases around the area and there were some, but not in the immediate vicinity. I didn\u2019t realize you could sophisticatedly report on a site like this, until I dug a little further. I\u2019ve been thinking about it daily! I have shared with some people.  Many were excited to hear about it in the details I could provide, especially with a second witness testimony."
"est to west movement of a circular object redish orange light...this object shot upwards twords outerspace....then returned for another minute then shot back up."
"Looked like a flying lantern over Duck Lake in Kirkfield, ON. there was an orange light, that kind of looked like a flying lantern flew north over duck lake at a high rate of speed. at first it looked like it was going to land in the lake, but then changed direction, picked up even more speed then disappeared pretty quickly"
"Starlike shimmering moved very slowly east by southeast very tiny hard to re-focus after losing sight this sighting was in the daytime."
"Formation over Caldwell Idaho About 8pm, me and my wife saw what looked like rose-orange colored lights in sky over our apartment that moved in formation.  It started as a perfect triangle of 3 then a 4th entered the formation and made an arrow like formation in the sky.  The end light  seemed to dim out and fade away.   There was no sound and obviously there was intelligent formation of the lights that seemed to be just above us not too far into the horizon."
"Vertically moving object that was glowing and accelerating quickly My fiancee and I were driving through an intersection when we saw a bright light; way bigger than a normal plane or helicopter, way brighter, and way quicker.  I would say this was about 20 times brighter than the light you see from planes, as well as about 30 times bigger, and its speed accelerated in a weird way.  At first I thought it was a meteorite coming down and I was waiting for some sort of explosion in the distance but nothing happened.  This was not super close to where we were in terms of distance, it was miles away.  The object was only visible for a few seconds and travelled vertically towards the ground.  It started high and was moving quickly, and after a second or so its speed doubled or more and it quickly got much brighter.  It all happened so fast.   It looked like it travelled through our whole atmosphere in less than 2-3 seconds and I don't know if the glow came from that or whatever happened.   My fiancee and I were stunned and even though we both saw it because of its super bright shine we didn't say anything to each other until it was over because we didn't want to take our eyes away from what was happening.  It was so spectacular she even forgot for a second that she was driving and had to slam the brakes to avoid hitting another car. I don't know what this was but I don't think it was a crashing plane or a meteorite because I haven't heard anything about it on the news. I'm left with this weird curiosity.  I never thought I'd see something like this. Thank you!"
"Flash and stationary light flashing. Saw a flash while watching the north east part of the sky,  next thing I see is a stationary blinking light in the same location after the flasg 4 times,  I call my wife outside she saw two more blinks and that was it.  Total time was less than 15 minutes."
"While driving from Birmingham, Al.  With a close friend I noticed A bright white light unlike anything I have seen before.  With me working on military aircraft while in the Navy I have never seen anything like this.  Bright lights cigar shaped object hovering over tree line.   I showed my best friend and that's when we say it  start dropping rapidly to the ground, before disappearing behind treeline on I-20 east near exit 34.  I am still baffled alone with my friend.hope to find some kind of explanation.   This isn't my first Ufo sighting."
"Two, orange maneuvering objects seen streaking overhead. UFO Duel Object Sighting  Canberra Australia  Date:    19-07-2007  Time:    20:30 EST  Sighting Location:  Rooftop Parking Station, Canberra, ACT, Australia  Object Sky Position:  East rising about 85 degrees from my horizontal gaze  Altitude Est:  Extremely high - upper atmosphere / possibly beyond Resolution:  No shape discernable \u2013 star like   Description:  I wish to state up front that before tonight I have had little to no interest in the topic of UFOs. Also wish to state that I am not drawing conclusions as to what I saw, but I am documenting this so that other witnesses may corroborate with my account. On my way back to my car after work, I turned my head skyward briefly. The night was a little cloudy but some stars were viewable above me. I focused in on one of the fainter stars (I am not into astronomy \u2013 star is a dim orange colour in the high vertical east bound sky of the ACT) and a shooting star happened to fly pass. This did not amaze me much, as I recall seeing what really was a shooting star just a few nights earlier outside my house. What did amaze me is that this object, while appearing to have the same relative looking speed of a shooting star, continued to remain in view without the characteristic fadeout of a shooting star. This suggested to me that the object is upper atmosphere, possibly higher. My amazement ended and astonishment began when a second shooting star like object tailed, accelerated and caught up to the original object. The second object moved in on the first object and produced the trajectory of a side-facing parabola \u2013 something like stunt pilots would execute. The first object then circled around at a very high speed in a wide arc, but only completed about ninety percent of the circular turn. As I was focusing on the sudden \u2013 and frankly mind boggling \u2013 acrobatics of the first object, I lost sight of the second. The first object disappeared in its incomplete turn. The whole experience felt like about ten seconds all up. I have no idea what I saw, but I can tell you it was no shooting star. Yes Canberra has an airport in the vicinity of my eastward vantage, but this event was right above me and these objects were EXTREMLY high. No way it was the air force, balloons etc and I don\u2019t know much about satellites or space stations, but I would guess they don\u2019t move like that. The only other likelihood I can think of is very high altitude lightning, asteroid collision or maybe even aurora, but again I know nothing about these subject areas. I also discount the possibility of my tired condition resulting in eye floaters, simply because these were bright objects. To test this, after I arrived home, I tried staring at dark surfaces, but my eyes were not producing any bright artefacts. The objects in question were just dots but the way they moved! The trajectory crossover and turn did not seem natural. Can anyone who witnessed this event please confirm. This has certainly messed up my scepticism. I am trying to register an account on the website ATS, but my password doesn\u2019t seem to come through. I will keep trying. This needs to get out hence the email. I do however choose to remain anonymous to protect my professional reputation."
"Glowing orange sphere spotted hovering and performing angular flying at various speeds. On 04/15/2008 I was leaving work at approximately 11:15 P.M. from a restaurant I work at in Chandler Arizona.  As I was waiting outside for my wife to pick me up I noticed a spherical orange glowing ball in the south sky at roughly a 40-degree angle from my position. The sphere appeared to be at an altitude of about 5,000 feet. The object was hovering and appeared to be wavy like the surface was hot. The look was similar to magma and distorted like the surface of hot asphalt.  The object did not have what looked like conventional lights on it, but rather the whole object seemed to give off an orange fluorescence. After the object hovered for about 4-5 seconds approximately 2 miles to the south, it bolted off directly north, passing overhead and stopping about a half mile north of my location.  Again the sphere halted to an immediate stop and hovered.  When directly overhead the object appeared to be about the size of a house (1,500 square feet) the object at this point was at about a 120-degree angle.  The object traveled that distance in about 2 seconds.  The object then sped off at a 90-degree angle and immediately stopped again.  The object would not slow down and come to a stop, but rather come to an instant stop.  While accelerating the object would maintain a constant velocity and achieve its maximum speed at the instant of its movement from a stop.  After hovering in its location, the object bolted off to the N-NW in an upward 45-degree angle, disappearing from sight in less than a second. The object while in motion about 5,000 feet high was traveling a speed of approximately 4,000 to 5,000 MPH.  When the object sped off into the sky the final time, its speed was at least 4 times faster then its previous speeds.  The whole sighting lasted about 10-17 seconds."
"A very bright light moving extremely fast in Westbrook Connecticut I was outside, in a parking lot, with a friend. We were talking and I looked over and saw a very bright light low in the sky.  The light was moving very quickly and then flew behind trees and I lost sight of it."
"Green and red lights hovering and dipping. My colleague first noticed the object and said, \"What is that?\"   My other colleague said a helicopter,but as we watched it moved from hover to dipping across the sky in a way no helicopter we have seen do.   The object has three bright green lights and two red lights that I recall. It hovered, then moved rapidly across the sky, then hovered again, then moved out of our vision.  Three of us saw the object clearly."
"Green object with pulsing red light witnessed by couple in Thornhill My wife and I were returning home from a movie, as we were approaching our house we noticed a light moving through the sky to the south of us.   When we got out of the car, we witnessed a green disk with a pulsing red light move through the sky irradically, it would quickly change direction, stop and hover for a moment continue moving and changing directions and height before disappearing out of sight above the roof tops across the street.  There were planes flying by as well, the green object was moving in a way we have never seen before."
"Unknown aircraft with red lights over the skies of Hyvink\u00e4\u00e4, Finland Me and my big brother were having a barbecue on the big, open yard of his house.  When standing in the middle of the yard, one can see almost from horizon to horizon.  The weather was clear and the stars were shining in the dark night-sky.  We observed many ordinary-like satellites and at least two shooting stars during the evening.  I would consider me and my brother as two sane and perceptive young men.  We had drunk a few cans of beer but we were not \"drunk\".  This report is filed some 4 hours after the sighting and is written without the participation of my brother. At approximately 2000 hrs (GMT + 2) I observed a moving, faint, red dot of light high in the sky in direction NNW.  I told also my big brother to take a look at it.  At first he said that he did not see it, but I used a bright star (Vega) as a static target to point the object to him.  Now he also saw the light.  The light was moving quietly in a straight line towards SSE maintaining a visible speed of an ordinary satellite or high-flying commercial aircraft and kept doing so during the entire sighting which lasted about 2 minutes. At first I thought that the light was an ordinary satellite but it was red in color.  Next I noticed another blinking red light in the absolute vicinity, on the right-hand side of the first light, moving into same direction with same speed.  This observation made me think that it was an ordinary airplane we were witnessing and that the blinking red light was a wing-light or something.  However, I estimated that the aircraft was flying at an altitude of at least 15000 meters because it seemed too distant to be an ordinary commercial aircraft yet too close to be an ordinary satellite.  Moreover, no sound was heard from the aircraft during the entire sighting. As the aircraft reached the southern part of the sky the first light started to change color from red into bright orange.  Also the blinking red light could no longer be seen so there was only one light now.  This orange light made me think of a tail-light of a low-flying aircraft that typically seems to change color as the aircraft passes by.  The light kept traveling in straight line into direction SSE and it was still visible high above the southern horizon as we started paying attention to other things.  The sighting had lasted about 2 minutes and, as said, no sound was heard from the aircraft during the entire sighting. My big brother did not take the sighting very seriously.  Also, he is no expert in astronomy and was of the opinion that the object we had just witnessed was flying outside our atmosphere.  He even said that the object \"had it's braking lights on\" as it was red in color.  I however have astronomy as my hobby and this sighting was someting that I've never seen before so I took it very seriously and that's why I decided to file this report.   My best guess is that it was some kind of sophisticated domestic or foreign aircraft flying from NNW to SSE high over the Finnish airspace.   I also see that there's a very similar sighting filed in your database from 10/25/2008 from location Cedar Rapids, IA, United States."
"Disk shaped, four lights, humming noise. One UFO spotted, had four circle shaped lights, two red and two green, shape not very clear due to clouds, appeared to be a disk.  Flew diagonally at about the speed of an airplane, seemed to be tilting or rotating.  Was making a humming noise, hard to describe, sort of like a mechanical howl.  Couldn't see color, I would assume black, but it was dark, so color might have just not been visible. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the original date is flawed, and that the witness intended a date of October 18, not September 18.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact him/her, in order to confirm the date.  PD))"
"Unmoving, multicolored, strobing light that appeared to be rotating circularly in SE sky. My husband I witnessed an unmoving, multicolored strobing light in a clear southeastern sky. We looked at it through binoculars and it appeared as though the lights were moving in a circle with a definite pattern.  It appears to have a halo around it. It has not moved at all for more than 20 minutes."
"Glowing light It was a sunny day, with just a few clouds in the sky.  I was sitting in the backyard of my mothers house, when I looked up, and saw, above the house behind her back fence, what appeared at first to me to be either a plastic shopping bag floating to the south.  As I watched it I began to think realize that it was unlikely something like that could be that high and still in the air.  Then I thought maybe it was a white balloon, but it was glowing white.  I followed it with my eyes as it ascended, still bearing south, up into the clouds, but it never dimmed and maintained the bright glow. Then seemed to change it's shape as it turned to go west.  It was completely silent.  Once the turn was complete, it regained it's original, round/oval shape. I ran into the house as it passed my view and told my brother to hurry and come into the front yard with me.  We both ran out into the front yard, and both witnessed it acsend higher and higher into the sky, appearing more like a bright star in midday.  As we continued to watch it, it dissapeared into the atmosphere... I had never really believed in UFO's, although open minded to it.  I have been looking at UFO videos, and many of the UFO's caught on video are exactly like the one I saw."
"Nine lights ascending over Rocklin/Lincoln sky and then disappear. My coworker and myself witnessed a cluster of nine steady (not flashing)lights north of Rocklin.  They were ascending into the night sky slowly and not in any recognizable formation.  As they ascended, they disappeared one by one.  I took a video with my cell phone but the camera couldn't pick up the lights. I called news 10 to make a report."
"Pulsing Red Light (orb?) stayed still then moved across the sky and faded away in Redwood Valley At about 7:45pm I arrived at a house in Redwood Valley from Ukiah and was admiring how clear the night was and how many stars there were with a friend.   I didn\u2019t notice it at first, but all of a sudden I saw a very large red/orange light.   At first I thought maybe it was Mars, since I somewhat remember being able to see a faint red glow of a planet in Los Angeles \u2013 where I am from.  But I started thinking that it was too big to be a planet. My friend and I didn\u2019t know what to make of it and both tried to take a photo \u2013 which didn\u2019t work because all we had were our phones.   Then the bright star looking thing starting moving across the sky at a controlled speed that was fast, but not super fast, and pulsing slightly \u2013 so slightly I could barely tell it was even happening.  After about 15 seconds it stopped moving and began to fade until it was gone and I was back where I started admiring the sky.  My friend and I were at separate functions before this, we do not do drugs, we come from complete different backgrounds (SoCal and Massachusetts) and we saw the exact same thing."
"Thick disk with yellow - orange lights seen hovering in sky looking toward eastern VT. On 6/11/19 at approximately 11:00 pm I went to go let my dogs out to go to the bathroom for the night.  As I turned to walk away from the door I overheard my dogs starting to make growling sounds (which was very strange for them to do at such a late hour) so I turned back to the doorway and began to look around to see what would be making them growl.   I scanned our yard, the street all around, then I looked up toward the east and noticed this strange light in the sky.  At first I thought it was an odd airplane or something, but as I stood there, it became clear that this light did not come from an airplane.  It appeared as if a bar of lights in the sky ranging from yellow to burnt orange.  My best guess is that it was in the shape of a thick disk with lights around the outside.  I feel absolutely ridiculous thinking this let alone saying it, but it was if it was something out of a Star Wars movie.   The light began a strange dissent from the top of the tree downward on an angle, but appeared to be hovering as it moved left and right on its descent down.  After a short amount of time, I would guess around 60-75 seconds (I was so mesmerized that is my best guess as to the duration from start to finish), it seemed to just stop moving and simply hover in the sky and then it just disappeared. I don\u2019t know much about aircraft, but I have seen my fair share in the sky and this did not move like an airplane and the lights/structure was completely different. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"4 reports of unknown objects I went out on my front porch as I often like to watch the stars at night in the summer and when I looked up right above my home which at that time was right in the center of the city, I saw something just sitting below the clouds above my home. I saw a red light attached to something that was just sitting in the air not moving and then all of a sudden this thing just rises incredibly fast into the cloud cover above it and disappears.  A few weeks later I was again out at night doing the same thing and this time I was looking at the stars themselves when one of them began to move very fast, it was just a point of light very high up and I thought it was a star at first till it cut across the sky and then turned and disappeared into space.  My first expierence with weird stuff in the sky was in the early 90's, I had been out late at night and when I got home that's when everything got strange.  First off I was completely sober and when I went into my home I felt very unusual.  I also behaved strangely, I am afraid of the dark and don't like being in dark rooms alone unless a light is on. This night I walked into my dark house never turned on any lights and went and stood in the livingroom, I just stood there doing and thinking nothing and suddenly had an urge to go out the front door which we never used. We always used the back door to go in and out of the house. When I opened my door there was a huge ball of white light in the sky across from my home, this thing was massive and as I watched it I went out onto the porch.It glided or floated, it moved slowly and it passed behind a large maple tree, I remember wondering why it didn't come out the other side right away, it should've because of the size, so I went down the street to look around the tree but it was gone. I turned around and started to walk back to my house, I have no memory of getting to my house and it wasn't till a year later that I remembered this night.I got up the next day after this event and acted like nothing happened. Very weird.  My husband also had a sighting involving a large craft with 5 blue lights,I think it was stop sign shape or something like that. He works nights at a factory outside the city and he said that some guys were at a door and called him over they told him there was a ufo but by the time he got there it had passed over so he ran to the back of the plant by himself and saw the craft pass over and a short time later he saw a military jet coming flying through the sky, stop on a dime and turn in the direction of the craft. This was only an hour away from the Toronto airport but fairly high up in the sky he said.This also happened shortly after my first sighting in the early 90's. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Green fireball in southern sky at night.   Apearred suddenly, glowed for approximately 3 seconds and thenburnt out.   Lokked like it was falling to earth."
"Triangle shaped with strange lights. Triangle shaped object with strange lights on the bottom, hovering about 40 ft above the ground over a house.  It was on a country road in a very small town. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the two witnesses, and they seemed to be quite sincere.  The colors of the lights they witnessed, they reported during a telephone call, were white, yellow, and red.  PD))"
"On this night, I went outside to have a cigarette before I went to bed. The sky was completely clear and you could see the entire sky with-out cloud obstruction. While I was looking at the stars, as I often do, I saw a satalite moving accross the sky. I have seen them several times and followed it across the sky, when all of the sudden, from a totally different direction, a smaller object caught my eye. As I began to trace it, I noticed two more that came close to it from different angles. They moved around vey fast and in no planned path. Now I have never seen anthing like this before, and it made me whatch more intently after I lost track of them. I remained with my eyes affixed to the sky for approximately 1-1.5hrs. To my surprise, I was able to wittness at least 6 or more similer objects in the sky. They were way too high for our aircraft and too stealthy. It makes no differance to me whether I am believed or not, my views will remain the same. There can be no other explanation than extraterestrial. I am 35yrs old, and fairly well educated. I know what I saw last night. No. It was not a \"saucer\", or a shape that I could identify, but the movements and distance tell me it was not from here. I am trying to find out if anyone else has seen this sort of thing before, but I don't know where to ask. For now, this will have to do."
"bright light omitting a fog light appearance toward earth Driving back from dinner south on Route 1.  5 miles north of Cabo, we were southbound.  My 10 year old daughter said look at the south west sky, several degrees above the moon was a large white light omittimg a fog like spot lite appearance toward the earth.  It was not an aircraft with a search light.  It did not move, did not make any noise and was the size of the moon this night.  No movement on it until it retracted toward the sky away from the earth and slowly dissapeared over a course of 15 seconds.  I'm a pilot.  I did not have a drink at dinner.  This was totally unusual and not of this world."
"6 bright lights near Mesquite NV. Near the town of Beaver Dam/littlefield Az. area, my wife observed what she called a strange bright light to the north of the town.  I replied that I did not see it, but she was very insistent that she had seen it and I just chuckled and turned on to the on ramp and proceeded towards Mesquite Nevada.  When I noticed to my right a ball of light that caught my attention and I told my wife to look. We immeadiately seen it again and it became very bright and then dimmed out.  I pulled the truck over to the right and turned on my emergency light and we sat there and watched.   Sure enough we seen it again and to our astonishment we seen atleast 5 to 6 more light up one at a time in rapid succesion from right to left, one after the other.  We were very excited and sat for about ten more minutes trying to see them again but did not.  I am reporting this in hopes someone else seen them. I have never seen anything like it before and I hope to see something like that again. ((name deleted))"
"many triangled shaped crafts hover over airport At about 3;00 am i returned home from a party and could not sleep. I went outside to sit in my hot tub when I noticed about 25 objects,about the size of a compact car hovering over my property. living in a airport community I have seen many different  aircrafts and know basic desgins.these were triangle in shape and the ones close to me I could see a triangle flap that glowed green on both sides of these crafts. I went to my gaurage and grabbed a flash lite and started to signal the crafts near by.This action seemed to scare the crafts and they elevated beyond the clouds. 4 crafts remained for about an hour untill they also elevated away."
"Strange Three Tone Sound, above home and lake, Tv and Security monitors dim and power outage Something STRANGE Happened Last Night @ 10.35 p.m. This event happened, while watching a movie, at home and reading e-mail. At 10:35 p.m. I first heard a Three Tone sound outside, the sound, became louder and louder, ----  My tv started dimming, my computer and security monitors started to get dimmer, then the lights and everything went out.   Then about 15 seconds later the sound outside stopped, and the power came back on. ----This cannot be from a transformer because the transformer is behind the home. The Sound was coming from above in the air, and in the front of my home, over the lake. I feel good today, I also do feel that nothing happened to me, from what ever was going on........ It's about time, it probably happened to another person at the lake. I do not have any recordings either sound or video, but I was not expecting anything, to happen to start with.  That Sound was pretty loud, with three tones hard to explain. did not sound like a jet or a helicopter, or a musical instrutment..... STRANGE to say the least........"
"Overhead we saw V or chevron shaped with four lights on each side, huge, silent, very fast moving southward along coastline,amazing. 11/5/12:  My adult daughter and I were standing at the end of 28th street in Del Mar Ca looking at the beach, it was a hot day and dry, wind from the east, so no fog or clouds or dampness this evening. It was a clear night.  Next we were looking at the bright stars, and looking at the sky overhead, at approx. 9:52 pm a very fast moving group of lights passed overhead, it was completely silent if it was an object, and it moved very fast, passing overhead in a matter of seconds.  It was V shaped or Chevron shaped, we both thought it was one huge flying object that was absolutely silent, it had what we perceived as four lights on each side.  Of course this could have been several separate lights moving in perfect unison, or a formation, but we perceived it as being a V shaped object.  The lights, four on each side of the V shape, were a soft light, she thought beige, I though beige but with an orange hue.  They were moving so fast, that maybe 10 seconds of good overh! ead viewing time was all we had, maybe less, after moving from an overhead position, as it moved south, it became invisible, that is to say it disappeared very quickly from view after being almost directly overhead.  I would call this a UFO, although I am skeptical and wonder if it isn\u2019t just a military aircraft that I am not familiar with, but it would have to be completely silent, and really huge, ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I saw a round brite white cicle in the sky, i was facing west, looking toward the mountains.  It seemed to fall down behind the mountains in an arc."
"Blue green rotating lights As we were walking our dog at 21:30, I noticed what appeared to be a star in the SW sky. What was unique about this was the color was blue green. When we got home I looked at the object thru our binoculars. Now I could see that instead of 1 light it was composed of 4 lights that were rotating. The object remained almost stationary for the entire sighting. At 23:15 it dropped below the tree line and I couldn't see it anymore. I have about 15 minutes of video of the object. The object seemed to be about 30 degrees up from the horizon. As I watched the object, a bright star rotated into view close to the object and then set during the hour and 45 minutes of observation."
"Hovering lights above tree line in remote wooded area. While driving home along FM 1716, I noticed bright lights hovering above the tree line (approximately 40 feet above ground) on the left side of the highway.  At first glance, I thought it was a tower of some kind, but I\u2019ve lived on the road for five years and have never noticed lights or a tower of any kind before.   By the time I processed that it was something unusual, I had turned onto county road I live on, which intersects the section of highway where the sighting occurred.  I turned my car around and went back, but whatever the lights were, they were gone. Six to eight bright white lights formed a rectangle, there were blue or red lights mixed in, as well.  I also thought it might have been an oil platform that had been put up just that day, which would explain why I\u2019d never noticed any lights on that section of highway before.  However, I drove past the same spot the next day. No oil rigs, no tower, just un-cleared forest. I've never seen a sighting before.  I'm not a skeptic or a believer, as there is no indisputable evidence for either stance. I'm an educated Christian - stable and reasonable - and I have no explanation for what I saw.  It was too low and small to be a plane, and it was in a stationary hover when I saw it."
"Strange object over Alabama, cloudy and spherical in shape. My brother and I and one of our friends were outside when I got home from work. They saw the object initially around 17:30 and claimed it to be much brighter than it was later on. They claimed the object moved erratically until it finally settled in an area straight up from our position. Initially, I thought the object was the recent comet that burst into a cloud as the object was cloudy with a prominent bright spot on the lower part of it. However, the comet shouldn't be as bright as this was nor was it in the right place... therein it wasn't the comet. Brother is a medical secretary, our friend is an aerospace engineering student, and I'm an advertising salesperson. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile venting fuel in space.  PD))"
"Observed at least 20 dimly lit craft ,incoming into our solar system at a great range out. The craft were evenly spaced out in a   line stretching nearly from horizon to horizon. They were perfectly spaced out and traveling at the same great speeds in formation. The flight came out of the South West and was headed north east.  Surely with all or telescopes, some one besides my fried and I witnesses this."
"I was driving to a local winery for a get together and saw 3 cylinder like objects ahead of me.  They grew closer and closer to me, the more I drove, then within seconds were to the right of me.  I attempted to get my phone which had gone dead due to overheating (very odd) and nearly burnt my hand.  As I threw the phone down in pain the objects were then to the left of me.  A bright light shined in front of me like floodlights (it was day time yet still very very bright) and I threw up and had a headache for the next couple of hours.  After I left the event I noticed am odd symbol on the car resembling a cave and arrows surrounded by a circle.   My cat in the car who is normally docile went insane and the electrical gauges on the car stopped working as this all happened."
"large, bright meteor seen over Mooresville, North Carolina. On July 7th at 11:28 p.m. I witnessed a very bright meteor passing over Mooresville, North Carolina. The meteor flew from west to east. The object was the size of a pea if held at arms length. It had a flaming trail behind it that was about two feet long at arms length.   The meteor was extremely bright and I was able to view it for about 6 seconds.  Our house and land sit on a rise that gives us a 360 degree view of the horizon.  This was one of the better meteor sightings I have seen.  Did anyone else see this amazing sight? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Flashing multi colored lights in the night sky. Sept 13, 2016, Carolina Beach, NC.  My friend and I witnessed multi-colored lights over the ocean.  Sometimes in a straight line then diagonal.  Red, blue, green and white lights in a row would hover for a few seconds then disappear or to reappear a few miles away.  It happened 3 times then they was gone.  Could not seen any air crafts just lights since is was nighttime."
"50-100 \"stars\" flying in a line across the sky, almost like a close up constellation. My buddies and I were plugging a tire in his driveway at around 9-10ish at night. We're just about to put the tire back on when one says HEY COME HERE! I thought he was joking because he was so serious. I look up in the sky and it looked like 50-100 stars clustered together in a line. Not a specific formation or anything just a line of about 50-100 stars. They were no brighter or dimmer than any other star in the sky. I thought we were looking at some phenomenal constellation or something but stars just aren't that prevalent where we are. These stars moved at about the speed of far far far away airplane. They flickered (not flashed) but flickered like stars would. Then they floated or flew behind a tree about 3 minutes later. There were no dramatic movements of this formation just all going in one direction. I couldnt stop saying \"What the f*ck is that?\" If I had to conspiracy theorize about ufo's it looked like 50-100 ufos scouting just outside our atmosphe! re. Honestly the weirdest thing Ive ever seen in the sky. 3 of us saw it and I still honestly have no idea what it was we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Several Flashing UFO lights over Charleston Naval Base in S.C. It was just getting dark while I was waiting outside in the parking lot of the Charleston Naval Base commissary for my mom to come out from shopping when I looked up in the sky in N/E direction and spotted several flashing lights. There were 4-5 flashing lights hovering around in one spot for a few minutes then all of a sudden they shot off in different directions at \"Star Trek\" speed. They were pretty far up and because it getting dark I could not see any particular shape. I told my mother and her reply was \"oh Really\"?, confirming what I saw but I think she was unsure on whether to believe me. I know what I saw and I am certain it was not from this earth. It is not an absolute date listed, I could be off a year or 2. But it did happen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright red/orange circular object in the SE sky. Hi. I went into my back yard around 11:10 on 1/13/2014 to stargaze with my 10x50 binoculars.  I looked around the whole sky with the naked eye to see how clear it was out; there were almost no clouds out.  So I looked at the moon and the constellation Orion.   When I took the binoculars down and I looked up I noticed a very bright pulsing red/orange circular light on the upper horizon.  Automatically I knew that it wasn\u2019t there before, my heart started beating like it was going to jump out of my chest.  I looked through my binoculars at it, the object was far away but I could tell it was circular.   As I kept staring at it, it looked as if it was bobbing up and down.  Then I thought I saw a white beam/light almost flickering under it and then out the side of the object I saw three white objects shoot out to the right and then directly up and then they were out of my vision.  The smaller objects were pea size in comparison to the main bright red/orange object.   Not too long after that the main object started moving away from its original position.  As it got farther away from me it got dimmer and dimmer, eventually in an instant it was gone and I stood there in awe of what I saw and then went inside very much scarred.   My dog was with me out there and she didn\u2019t react in any way but the object could have been too far away.   I\u2019ve always wanted to see something like this for myself and finally I have.  My family now thinks I\u2019m crazy but I KNOW what I saw.   Tonight I will go outside and check again but I doubt I\u2019ll see anything again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"very bright light and then disappeared just witinessed a ufo heading north somewhat low and not very fast while second one was higher ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 bright orange lights over Santa Rosa Ca. June 23, 2012   My husband and I were walking our dogs tonight in Santa Rosa California, as we do every night at a school  5 miles west of town.  At around 11:15 I was looking at the sky and noticed an unusually bright orange light approaching us from the south.  I called to my husband to look and said \u201cThat\u2019s not a plane is it?\u201d  It kept getting higher and closer and then changed direction and quickly started going to the east where it then disappeared. A few  minutes later we both saw another very large, bright orange light low coming up from  the horizon in the west.   It seemed to come towards us (we were east of it) and then rapidly ascended to the east at  the same location where we saw the other one and  disappeared also.  They both seemed to have some sort of pulsing movement in the light. There was no sound at all.  When we saw the 2nd one I had an urge to hide as I thought it was coming toward us but it went up instead. 2 nights ago at the same place, probably more around 11:00pm, we also saw what we thought was a satellite moving rapidly across the sky from south to north (we are familiar with satellites and the space station moving across the sky as well as what planes and helicopters look like)  as we were watching,  It gave a big bright flash of white light and was gone!  I don\u2019t know what the heck is going on in the sky here right now but I\u2019m keeping my eyes open and my wits about me!"
"A large amber ball of light responding to spotlight. I will finally write what we saw. My partner and I worked swing shifts most of our lives and would comute from Woodside, Ca. to Boulder Creek, Ca. every night for 20 years or so. Skyline Blvd is a road on the highest point of mountain range that divides the ocean from the bay area.  One can see both the ocean (Pescadaro beach [a few miles north of Santa Cruz, Ca.] to Halfmoon bay)and bay area (San Jose, Ca. to San Francisco on a clear night). On our way home that morning on a beautiful clear nignt with the moon reflecting from the ocean and shining on the bay area, we saw a large amber ball of light rising from the ocean around Pescadero beach area about 15 miles from the top of the ridge (one can see the waves hit the beach) We were on Skyline Blvd around Palo Alto county. I told my partner to stop so we could observe this object.  He didn't want to, so I (as passanger) removed the car keys from ignition which made the car stop in a turn out with a clear view on both sides of the range.  This object came toward us about 200 yards away and appr. 100 feet above us and stopped.  Our Landcruiser had a spotlight on top of roof, so I signaled directly to this object \"SOS\" and this object would respond moving slowly up, down, sideways, diaganal, the return to it spot.  I repeated this signal many, many times and this large amber ball of light would respond the same way each time for about 15-30minutes.  Then all of a sudden it went straight up out of sight within a second leaving a com-trail.  Of course with no sound. I have two more incidences which are very interesting around the same area if you are interested. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"50 UFO's near Diamond, IL Saw 50+ dots to the SW of Diamond, IL from 2030 - 2045.  Too fr away to tell exact shape and even with binoculars i still couldn't tell what they were.  They were all a bright reddish yellow color."
"A bright orange / red ufo was spotted coming up the coast from San Clemente towards Dana Point CA My wife and I had just returned from dinner to our room at the Laguna Cliffs Marriott Resort & Spa, and walked out on the balcony, facing the ocean.  Looking south towards San Clemente, we saw a bright orange/, red roundish ball of shimmering light coming up the coast, coming directly towards us, but slightly moving left to right and very slowly at the same time.   The elevation was around 2,000 feet and we guessed the size of it was about the same as a large helicopter although it was clearly not a helicopter.  It made no noise as it approached us and just as it was almost overhead, it started going nearly straight up and over the ocean with increasing speed until it got smaller and smaller.  At this point we could no longer see it.   I am an avid aviation enthusiast and have been to countless airshows, military and private, and have never seen anything like this."
"Three perfects white one-two flash lights strobe then disappear.  Warm orange light appears. Blinking white lights going across middle horizon at night. Three Lights in perfect line(1 side of triangle) appear bright and big, then strobe like a flash of light hold for close to 3 sec and then gone.  Warm orange diffused light appears in lower right hand of the horizon and glows for around 15 seconds is gone then reappears for the same 15 seconds."
"Oval-shaped UFO - possible miniature flying drone near NATO HQ base Unidentified flying object seen flying over residential neighbourhood on a hot summer's day in north west London.   Object of oval shape, size difficult to judge due to high altitude, at least 1 meter in diameter.   Object hovered at around 3mph or walking speed in a straight line until disappearing into country area sky. Object appeared metallic or plastic in nature, due to sun glint on the edges, and possessed a red glow on the underside."
"Sitting on my back porch.  Beautiful clear evennng.   Noticed an bright, constant, orange light.  Moving at a consistent speed a few thousand feet up going North to South.  Maybe 150-200 mph.   Light was the same brightness throughout.  Straight flight path, very low with no sound at all.   Novice opinion:  too fast to be a lantern, flew too many miles to be a consumer drone.  Will watch again tonight. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Rugby shape window area in sky with a craft inside. The date was early February 2008, my car would not start the day before and I had arranged the day before for a friend at work to pick me up from a ring road about 200 yards from were I lived in the morning. In the morning,  I went to the end of my road and cross over the ring road and waited about 100 yards from the traffic lights and stood there waiting to be picked up, it was a cold but clear day and across from me was semi detached housing some traffic but no people walking. I looked down at my feet they were cold and when I looked up again seconds later there in front of me is  a sight I still cannot believe could have been there but there it was, it seemed to be a large 30 foot or more rugby ball shaped object just floating 20 feet maybe slightly more above the semi\u2019s across the road from me (around 60 foot from were I was standing) but that was not what got my attention but it was the object or part of the object I could see within this rugby shape window like opening,  this object craft whatever was very shiny and seemed to be made up of angled shape panels, it was certainly larger then the rugby shape opening, I seemed to be looking into another reality or whatever because it was rotating back forwards side to side in a very jecky wayI just was unable to focus on it as it was jecking so much but all within the shape opeinng, I got glimpes of  of different bits of this craft within the shape opening, I  then  noticed after about a minute  or! so a very dull vermilion part that did not seem to be of  metal, then after aboout 2 minutes or there abouts had past it flicked that dull area into view and it looked like flesh (it\u2019s very hard to explain) what that bit was but it was a long trangle shape which seemed to be raised above the very shiny metal around it then it flick to another angle, during this time I look along the road to see if I could get someone to see what I was seeing but there just was no one around. I was getting very annoyed because except for cars going past no one was around to confim this, this was happening in a built up area of BOLTON I then looked to see if my friend was coming down the road when I looked back at this object it  had begun to move up and to my right and all I could see now was a dull brown rugby ball shape I could not see the bright metallic craft within it now  and it went out of sight after around a min  or so. I had just seen a shape wiith a object larger then the shape I have no idea but could this be way these UFO\u2019s seem to disappear and change shape maybe when entering or leaving these, it could maybe be the way they travel to and from here undetected who knows, this sighting really shock my belief in what suppose to be real and what does not, this is why only now do I feel its time to put it down not very good but to the best of my ability. I did tell my friend what had happen but of course he just laugh it off."
"You might want to check language from entry, 4-27, a very bad word got through. third line up from bottom. ((NUFORC Note:  We cannot locate the report, which is not indicated by the source of this comment.  PD))"
"Banner like object, with very faint circle lights. I saw 4 or 6 faint lights go thru the sky very fast.   Almost looked like a banner that you would see in the daytime, but no plane pulling it."
"yellow globe traveling at high speeds At 1:20 February 17, I was sitting on my couch with my friend watching TV when a bright yellow glowing orb that zoomed at my window did a right turn then vanished.  of course I've known about the UFO sightings around the world, and so I was immediately able to identify what this object was. I knew it was not a plane because planes can not travel at such high speeds and make such a quick right turn. i did have my camera right next to me but did not have time to grab it and take any evidence. I apologize for that, so this could be another of many cases that do not matter, but i am just saying what i saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  Possible hoax.  PD))"
"Triangle shaped hovering lights. One large triangle shaped light formation, 3 bright white lights, one blue and one red.  Hovering about 300 feet over housing area.  \"Chased\" two smaller lights.  The larger light shot forward , disappeared and reappeared going in the opposite direction.  The smaller lights moved after it.  Shortly after this happened three military aircrafts flew in the direction of the sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright orange moving lights. My daughter and I while looking for our cat saw three bright orange lights floating in sky from the north going in a south westerly direction.   We watched for a few seconds and when looked up again they were gone.   Soon two more appeared."
"In the Englewood  CO. sky was a stationary flat-black cylinder about 500-600 feet above the ground While I was driving home, going south on NAVAJO st.,approching QUINCY Ave., I saw in the sky a FLAT-BLACK CYLINDER stationary in the sky. The OBJECT was at a 10 to 20 degree angle from the intersection of QUINCY AND NAVAJO, and seemed to hover at about 500 to 600 feet above the ground. I turned left, parked and got out of my car. With me I had a 2 to 5 power monocular. Using a fence to steady the image, I could tell the object was indeed a cylinder, flat-black and approx. 50 to 60 FEET LONG and the WIDTH was about 1/4 of it's length. It did appear to have TWO ANTENNA'S in seperate places on it's surface. It would HOVER not moving for awhile then start to TUMBLE in place. When the tumble would stop it would either just sit still or ZIP VERY FAST to the EAST or to the WEST always returning to the original spot. It seemed to cover about 8 times it's length in less than a second. NO SOUND was apparent. Sighting was AT LEAST 20 minutes."
"The mass sighting of blinking red lights on Friday were actually 13 large military aircraft flying in an unusual formation. On Friday night, at approximately 8 PM CST, my sister and I witnessed 13 large (presumably military) aircraft flying in what I would describe as an offset straight line.  They were flying one after the other, but not directly behind each other.  One would be on the right, the next would be flying just off the former's left wing, and so forth.  Each plane had a blinking red light on the end of each wing and a single static white light in the center of the plane.  The planes seemed much quieter than usual.  Although they were flying relatively low, we could only hear a slight drone or slight humming noise.  Once they were no longer directly overhead, they were silent.  When they were far enough away that someone could no longer see they were actually planes, they just looked like a large number of blinking red lights in the sky and it was EERIE and STRANGE.  I have NO DOUBT these were at least some of the red lights you all have been sent reports of from wit! nesses all over the country. While I believe these conventional craft triggered the mass sighting, the sheer number of them, the pattern in which they were flying and their relative quietness were definitely strange and should be investigated in my opinion.  I live close to a large military base and witness maneuvers year-round and at all hours of the day and night.  I have NEVER seen anything like what I say Friday night.  It was NOT normal in any way.  The planes were flying in a West-Northwest direction, heading toward Missouri."
"Strange light in sky, appears as fireball and last 4 min remaining stationary. On the above date, at approximately 2140, I was outside of my pace of work facing west. And approximately 1 mile away, and approximately 100 feet above the tree line I noticed what at first I believed was a white flare. After observing the object for a little while I noticed that the object was stationary, ruling out a flare(I served in the military). The object after about two minutes increased in brightness. The object remained at the current brightness for about two more minutes, and then just disappeared. It did not fizzle out like a flare would. And during the whole event the object remained stationary."
"A stationary bright white light in sky flashing red and blue until gradually fading away. Last night between 2:30 and 3:05 am. I noticed a flashing light in the sky above the southern end of the Salt Lake Valley.  I got the binoculars to get a better view.  The object was a bright white with lights that flashed red and blue.(Like a police car). I woke up my husband and son take a look and verify.  Sometimes when it flashed it appeared triangular in shape.  It was stationary for at least 25 minutes.  Gradually... very slowly the brightness diminished, it seemed to move away from me to the west and slightly north."
"About 20 orange/red fireballs were seeing in the sky in Elmhurst on Route 83. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides a bare minimum of information.  Provides no time or date for the alleged sighting.  We have assigned an artificial time and date.  PD))"
"Hundreds of thousands of tiny white, shimmery dots converging into clusters and going up into the sky. Lasted about 10 minutes. I have never seen this in my area before. Definitely not chinese lanterns or insects."
"Large, very Low, very slow flying triangular object with a light a each point. Driving southwest at approx. 6:25pm, I noticed two lights 300 feet or so above the tree line.  I watched them for several seconds trying to figure out what it was I was seeing.   I then pointed them out to my husband and he had no idea.  We continued to drive and then noticed the third light, as we were catching up to it. It was dark in color, dull, trianglular with a light at each point. Flying very low and very slow.  We were driving about 15mph. I poked my head out of the window to see more clearly and did so, also noticing that the craft made no sound.  It was quite large. Sun was down, and it was cloudy/overcast. At first we thought it was a plane flying under the clouds until we realized it wasn't moving much at all and then saw the third light, outlining the shape.  All we can say it was very strange.   This morning I looked up to see what Orange County drones looked like, still trying to figure out what is was.  No comparison."
"My husband (now deceased) and I were watching tv in separate rooms.  His room overlooked the back yard (west) and my room overlooked the front yard.(east)  All of a sudden my husband runs into my room and jerks open the front door and freezes in a stance blocking the open door looking up.  By that time I have chased after him to the door and see a black triangle craft slowly clearing my roof line (I have a roof overhang) into the open part of my front yard. (1/2 acre) I could see the bottom of the  craft and saw lights at the points of the triangle but there was no sound.  Our pine trees were 29 yrs old at that time and the craft was just above them moving very very slow. I tried to get out into the front yard but my husband was rigid in the doorway and blocked me from leaving the house. We watched it moved east crossing the street over a heavily wooded 4 acres of land until we could not see it any more. My husband tells me that he could see an object moving toward our house from way off and watched it til it moved over our roof and ran for the front door.  We were so stunned by this event that all I remember was that he went back to his tv room and we never discuss this again.  I wanted to but he did not!  The sky was clear and not black like there was some moon light. We lived next to the Ford truck plant property line and thats where it had to fly next. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"it was white,round and going at least 80-90 mph. it was white then silver and it was going west and it took a wide turn to northeast direction.It loked as if it was going at least 80-90mph. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  Possible hoax.  PD))"
"Two very bright lights moved quickly across the sky at about 8:30 pm MST.  Object appeared oval or egg shaped. We were on our roof in downtown Billings and saw a UFO crossing the sky from the Northeast sky to the Southwest Sky.  It passed between Orions Belt and the largest star to the south.  We could not see the shape of the vessel but it had two large round lights at the front and rear and both appeared to be orange/yellow in color.  The UFO could have been any shape but appeared to be oval or egg shaped since lights were only on the front and rear as it moved. It moved VERY quickly...much faster than any plane or other object we have seen."
"objesct seen but nothing came out on film It was shortly after school ended in the year of 1994 I was 14 at the time.  My brother was watching TV and I was in my room playing my saga.  When my mom comes in and asks me to come in to the kitchen to look out the window.  So, I did and saw this disk glowing just over the tree line.  We watched it for about 20 minutes then my mom grabs her camera snaps off a whole fresh roll of 32 photos.  The object took off or cloaked after the flash went off about the 14th time.  But my mom still shoot  the hole roll.  The next day she went to get the film developed.  She sent it out  on a 3-5 day ticket it took a month to get the film back and when she did  the photos were blank  not a single shot came out.  I\u2019ve shared this story many times and heard you on Clyde Lewis and felt this should be brought to you for documentation."
"\tYellowish/orange lights my wife was in the kitchen she just happen to open the back door and seen the first light and she called me and the kids in to look now to me it looked like it was a triangle shaped .but my son says it looked like a bright light to him the first light was not moving just getting bright and dim then from the south west came another light and as the first light faded out the secound one moved up and took its place and just hovered in the same place .  i started flashing my small led flashlight at it i would flash 3 times and it would flash back 3 times my son had his sony tabblet s and took pictures of them if you need them thank you"
"I do not have a lot of information because I was in a hurry, but I saw a blackish cloud really high in the sky in downtown Lansing.  At first I thought it was a helicopter dumping something in the air, but as I stopped for a second to look, it wasn't moving.  The black cloud-like shape remained there. Unable to stop much longer I kept moving and looking back.  As I drove out of the parking ramp and looked back to see if it was still there, it had disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was out side at about 7:30 at night with my telescope, when I happened to look up at the sky and saw what I at first thought was a shooting star until I noticed a single red light on it's side.I took a guess that there must have been a light on the other side to.It was flying at an incredible speed,somewhere around the speed of light.I wasn't able to see any thing else because before I knew it,it was gone."
"at 5:30 on 1/3/11 , i was walking my dog faceing north when i saw a flash in the sky.I saw a star moving from north to south .as it move it flashed, move and flashed again it did it 4 times . and then it move out of sight."
"Oval object with three lights hovered and literally became transparnet, then disappeared! UFO sighting at about 7:20 to 7:25PM Eastern Time:  I had just turned left onto my street which is a steep hill.  My house is on the left side of the street.  As soon as my car was turned and going up the hill, I noticed two flickering bright white lights with a pale orange light in the middle, all in a horizontal row, moving super-fast towards my street above the bare tree branches.  It became so large so fast as it moved that I can\u2019t even estimate how fast it was going to morph from the original size I saw to what it became. It moved in a smooth, forward, slightly descending south-east direction and then just abruptly stopped above the tree line between my house and the house next door.  It hovered there motionless and silent (my car window was down).  I\u2019m not sure about its altitude but maybe about 200 to 400 feet.  The sky wasn\u2019t too dark and had random thick clouds, but the object was immobile in plain sight and not in any cloud.  My stopped car was in the middle of the street in front of my house watching it move towards me right before the object stopped and hovered. I could clearly see a flat oval shape like an ellipse with three visible lights that had a weird quality\u2026they weren\u2019t like bright aircraft lights but had a more hazy flickering look and then became steady as it hovered.  I jumped out of the car and just stood in the street watching it for about three seconds and then it seemed to almost evaporate!  It literally became transparent in about 1-2 seconds as it suddenly moved in a sideways direction for a split second and then totally disappeared. I got back into my car and drove up the street to see if I could view it again above or behind other houses, but couldn\u2019t find it.  I was out there for about another minute when I saw something glowing and moving in one of the thick clouds off to the east about twenty times the height where it had first hovered. It moved around in an odd manner in that huge cloud then disappeared again.  I ran into the house, put my groceries away which took about 2 minutes, and then ran back outside into the street looking in all directions.   About five to six minutes later, coming north-east from the Boston direction, I saw a helicopter moving fast towards where I was and going east toward the ocean where I last saw the glowing in the clouds. The helicopter moved into a cloud and I could see its distinct very bright white search light coming from its front, and the helicopter seemed to be looking for something as it moved along towards the east. Then I lost sight of it because of the trees and my location on the lower part of the hill. I waited for another ten minutes but didn\u2019t see anything else. The bizarre object I saw was NOT an airplane, blimp, or any other known craft.  It was terrifying in its speed and disappearing or cloaking maneuver."
"Heard dogs barking next soor.  Woke up & saw bright light, like search light in sky above treeline.  So bright, it illuminated clouds behind it.  Seemed like it got brighter.  No noise.  Thought it was a helicopter search light but stationary.  Then as soon as decided to get in my car & look at closer - it rurned off like a flashlight."
"fiery orange ball off Florida coast On 07/14/19 near 2220 hours at Siesta Key on the West coast of Central Florida, I was sitting outside in a chair in the courtyard of a single story resort. The area is mostly dark, unlit, with only a few area street/building lights. The sky was clear and there were about three puffy storm clouds nearby but all out over the Gulf or Mexico and to the South of my location.  It was a typical Florida summer night, hot and muggy with little to no wind and almost a full moon.  I had a clear view of the sky straight ahead and to my left.   To the right side of my view, the sky was mostly visible between the sparse tree branches/leaves of a 15 foot tall decorative tree.  I noticed through the foliage of the tree was a very bright fiery orange ball.  It was at approximately a 45 degree angle in the sky from my seated position.  The object was as intense as the flames typically seen coming from rockets after leaving Kennedy Space Center.  However, this was not an oblong flame, it appeared circular. The object had the same orange intensity on all sides and across the middle. It did not appear that any side was more or less lit up as it slowly moved across the sky. There was no visible trail left behind the object as it moved, no blinking lights, no change in intensity and no audible sound.  It was moving very slowly from the north to the south almost horizontal. I confirmed its movement by watching it traverse across openings between the stationary tree branches. I estimated it traveled from my view approximately one inch across the sky in twenty seconds. After watching it move for approximately five minutes, I estimated it was approximately one mile up in the sky and about a mile west of my location out over the Gulf of Mexico.  Watching the object, I walked through the open courtyard and then into the street to be in an unlit area when the object disappeared over the course of four seconds.  It went from its standard full size and brightness to half the circumference and half brightness and intense orange color. Then half of that circumference and a dimmer orange-grey color, then half of that circumference and grey, then completely non-visible. I gave the appearance that the orange sphere moved due West out of sight at a very high speed. I initially thought it was possible a storm cloud had begun to cross in front of the object obstructing the view, but the lonely storm cloud was still south of where the light disappeared. ( Total visibility time of approximately 6 minutes.)  I went inside and told the wife and kids of the weird light. I went back outside with the kids two minutes later. At 2229 hours, back in the courtyard we all see it the orange object. It was the same size, shape, color, fiery intensity and distance away as before. It was again very slowly traversing the sky from North to South.  We walked out to the dark street monitoring it. It still appeared to be about a mile out over the gulf and a mile up in the sky as we watched it for three minutes. Comparing it to the stars in the sky it appears to be 15 times the largest visible star or 20 times larger than the smaller stars. If a pencil point on a paper was a star, the eraser of the pencil was the size of the orange object.  Moving at a very slow speed horizontally from North to South, the light stopped moving for approximately two to three seconds, then changed direction and began to traverse in the complete opposite directions now from South to North at the same speed.  Nothing changed with the fiery orb during the direction change other than the direction of travel. We all quickly return to the room and enter.(Total visibility time 4 minutes)  I grabbed my camera with zoom lens and rush back outside one minute later. The light is gone and unable to be located. I walked to the beach and find no one with drones or Chinese lanterns. Returning inside I checked the weather website and determined cloud elevation was 6000 feet. When the object disappeared the first time it was half way up in height from the bottom of the storm cloud it was near so the object was possibly at 6200 feet. I estimate the object was moving at approximately 10-15 mph."
"Mega flash of pure white light. extremely powerful flash of pure white light that filled the entire sky and illuminated all surrounding areas.  No lightning or storms present that nighr.   One flash that was similar to a mega camera flash or some sort of energy bomb that lasted an entire second and was followed by a smaller flash around a bright white ball that quickly shot up into the sky.  I have seen many storms throughout my life but this was completely un-natural and completely unexplainable...  I would compare the energy released to the first light emmitted from an atom bomb. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Mothman?  UFO?  Black balloon that poped in the air?  I just thought I would report this because of the Mothman sightings happening here. I'm late reporting this.  It happened either June 10 or the 11th.  I saw a black dot in the far distance moving right and then disappeared when a plane from Midway airport was closing in on it.   I tried to film it but the camera was picking up too much brightness.   I don't know what is was.   Today is June 17th and was just hearing alot of sightings happening with Mothman lately in Chicago, so I thought I would report this. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Chevron-shaped craft spotted passing over California interstate While driving south bound on CA I-5 my wife spotted a chevron-shaped aircraft slowly passing overhead. The craft resembled a B-2, but it emitted absolutely no sound, not even the low sound of a landing stealth airplane or jet. The aircraft was not flying parallel to the earth, but at a 45 degree angle or steeper, and its trajectory was parallel to the earth. The sighting occurred between the Sea World exit and the I-8 exit on I-5 at 1730 PST or GMT-8. I turned in the passenger seat to see if I could catch a glimpse of it through the back window of the car. I could see the aircraft silhouetted against the sky for several seconds before the aircraft vanished in an instant. There were other commercial aircraft in the vicinity due to the proximity to the SD international airport, but the chevron was definitely not commercial. There are also several military installations in the area, but these are home to only C-130, F-18, CH-46, and CH-53E squadrons."
"Small white cloud displays unusual movements west of Mt Rainier in Washington State I was looking south from a friend's condominium deck in the Seattle community of Ballard.   We could clearly see Mt. Rainier, approximately 75 miles to the south.  A small, white cloud appeared close to the west flank of the mountain, approximately 2/3 of the way to the summit.  Over a period of two minutes, the white cloud began to behave in an odd manner as it drifted, and then moved very rapidly to the west, straight away from Rainier, maintaining a constant elevation.  As we were watching, the cloud abruptly stopped, and then dissolved before our eyes. Airplanes could be seen it the same general area, before, during and after the cloud was seen moving.  They were also to the west of Rainier, and presumably taking off to the north from Sea-Tac airport.  These airplanes were clearly darker than the object, and their direction and motion was entirely different."
"It was triangular and had lights on all corners with a glow coming from the center On friday night of the 22nd, I was leaving my placement to go on a home visit. We had left a restaraunt and got on the interstate to go back to my house and within like 15 minutes of being on the interstate, I look out my window(i was in the backseat of the car on the left side) and I see this odd bright glowing thing.  Thats the only way i can describe it. It was in the shape of a triangle and there were bright lights on all three corners of this thing.  The oddest thing was that there was a more dimmer light coming from the center of it and i couldnt tell where the source of the light was coming from.  I yelled at my mom who was in the front seat.   as soon as she looked to see it it was gone but she did tell me that she saw it.To say the least i have felt very strange eversince."
"Round disk seen in field across from home in the 70's. I am reporting a story my mother told me many years ago and recently retold the story so I could report it.   This happened back in 1974, I was about 3 years old, and my brother was 4 years old and my sister a newborn.  We lived out in the country on a gravel road beside my grandparents. Across the road from us was a field.  My mother could stand in the kitchen and wash dishes and look out at the field.   She said it was early March and around 6 in the evening before it got dark.  She was at the kitchen sink doing something and glanced out the window to the field.  She said there was a huge round disk hovering above the ground and it was pulsating a pinkish light.  She kept saying it was huge and glowing.  There was no sound coming from it.  It never touched the ground and she said she could see no windows.   She said it sat there for probably 30 minutes doing nothing but hovering over the ground.   She said that we, I and brother, went out onto the porch and watched it.  She sent my brother next door to get my grandparents and they came over as well.  She said they just stood there watching it trying to figure out what it was and nobody could explain what it was.   My grandparents went back home and my sister started crying, my mother went into get her and when she came back out it was gone.   My mother said it was not anything she had ever seen before or since. She said nothing weird happened and no missing time.   I found it strange that I have always been interested in them and nobody else in my family is."
"opened door to go to store, and noticed a flash. assumed it was lightning in the distance but nothing on radar close to address.  went in front of house and looking due east at about 45-55 degrees up, saw what looked like an airplane making a down ward north direction turn when it turn due east and up ward at 90 degrees and at a very high rate of speed went due east out towards the ocean.   waited a couple minutes before i left and the noticed towards the north a bit what looked like a meteor or more like one of those rockets that fall when they launch rockets and the propulsion part falls to earth.... spooked a bit. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Meteor or fire ball falling from the sky just north of Mona, Utah I was driving north on the 15 fwy just out of Mona, Utah, late tonight, and witnessed what I thought was burning debris falling from the sky toward the ground on the west side of the fwy.   It fell fast and the flame was visible for a good 3 to 4 seconds, then it burned out.   I suspect it may have been a meteor as the area is known for them, but it seemed to be rather large.  I hope there wasn't anything on the ground where it struck."
"5 orange lights moving slowly and then fizzling out My husband called me outside to ask what they were.  We saw 5 or 6 orange/reddish lights, like small flames moving slowly like a drone would.  They were moving in a southwesterly direction, and as they got into a line, they just fizzled out.  It was very strange.   I tried to capture pics on my phone, but they look white and are not very good shots."
"Beam of infrared light terminating in a circle above the ground. I had an infrared trail camera outside facing into the forest at about 2:19 it took 3 photos of some kind of beam coming down from the sky and terminating in a circle I t moved slightly between photos.   About 45 minutes later the same thing re occured.   I still have the photos in my camera and on my computer."
"Three Pyramid shaped vertical lines that were just above tree height near the lake where I was passing I was driving in the slow lane from Fonthill to St.Catharines at approximately 100kms per hour, the three lights appeared in the shape of a pyramid and appeared to be three vertical lines...my windows were down completely and there was no sound that I could hear from the objects...they were just above the tree line as I drove past Gibson lake and seemed to be a few kilometres away, with my arm held at arms length and my thumb raised the two objects at the bottom were about the width of my thumb at the first joint andthe third line was alsmost at the top of my thumb.  at 22:14 while viewing the objects I attempted to call my girlfriend to tell her about this and could not get through to her...I have a record to prove this....this object or objects seemed to follow me for the entire period..these objects looked to be travelling low and were thicker lines NOT round\u2026 Thanks  At times they were almost stationary."
"UFOs hovered in low-lying clouds near my apartment this December!  This sounds crazy, but I SAW THEM!!! It was overcast that night. i was up late, smoking cigarettes in my car just out front of my apartment complex, listening to the radio.  i looked up to the eastern sky facing north and saw objects, hundreds of feet up in the air, hovering just above the lowest border of the cloud covering, giving off light within the fog!!!  they just stood there. there were four altogether that i could see, one in the middle, glowing brighter, with blue and red noticeable around it, while three others almost were encircling the other. they stood there. they couldnt have been stars because NONE were visible that night (the sky was BLANKETED with low-lying clouds), and they couldn't have been planes because they wouldn't move!!! though i could swear the one in the middle would almost rock back and forth, left and right, for only just the briefest of moments. first i was intoxicated with what i thought i might possibly be seeing! UFOs! Holy Shit! then a flood of panic came over me and i began to worry, realizing that this wasn't something most people should see, nor believe in. but here i was, seeing it! i walked quickly back inside, unsure what to believe anymore. so i write to you."
"My husband and I saw a swarm of bright-colored (red and white) objects floating noiselessly very low to the ground. On November 17, 2012, at approximately 6:30 p.m. my husband was outside and called to me to come quickly. I ran outside, and we saw a swarm of bright-colored objects floating noiselessly very low to the ground.  We live in Stafford, Virginia, near the Quantico Marine Corps Base, so we thought at first that it might be a group of helicopters, but there was no noise at all. We estimate there were more than 10 and less than 20 of these floating objects. They had bright red and white lights and moved quickly from northeast to southwest.  I could not get a good sense of whether they were sphere-like or boomerang in shape, but they seemed to cluster together and move effortlessly.  Some appeared to hover and loop back, while others kept floating at a quick pace across the sky above power line level. I have never before seen anything like this nor have I reported any such incident. As quickly as they crossed the sky, they seemed to vanish."
"At 21:20 was watching eclipse in progress and looked towards west and noticed what at first i thought was star or planet. went and got binoculars to get better look.  What i saw was flashing red light with a green pulsing light. the green light appeared to go around red light.  Thought maybe a plane when i looked around to see planes in the area the lights were definitely different.  The planes light changed as they moved due to the different angles seen.  The object or lights i seen had not moved.  I watched the lights for more than 30 minutes than they just disappeared.  I dont know what I saw but it was not an airplane or helicopter."
"Sphere UFO in high altiude moved slowly and stopped then moved again. I could notice that the movement of the craft was different from any humanmade airplane. It also moved to the side so rapidly too."
"30-40 round lights moving slowly, without noise, flickering like candles through sky. Seen coming from far 30 to 40 lights moving slowly over route 1 and route 13 flying over snipe farm.   Objects where high in the clouds.   Lights where moving slowly and where sort of yellow.  Lights where flickering like candles and would disappear in the clouds after reaching certain spot"
"Bright purple light over a busy intersection I was driving in a busy part of town when I saw a strange, bright purple light moving around the sky in an erratic manner.  People all around me were watching the sky.  It disappeared as fast as it appeared."
"Intense red light aura around flying from South to North. Duration 2 minutes before it disappeared. No Sound Looking south, red light approached and flew north in a straight line.  Upon approach glowed intense red aura around it.  No sound."
"Everyone saw this thing, including The Buffalo Police I remember this like it was yesterday. My parents had taken us for ice cream followed by a trip to the waterfront to get a breeze off the lake.  It was something we did quite a bit in the summer because of the hot humid Buffalo summers and we didn't have AC then . Well, as we were driving in Our station wagon , all 8 of us . While on Tifft St. headed towards the lake, my mother and father pointed out something strange in the sky.  It was shape like a cigar and had multiple colors revolving on it.  It was silent and slowly moving in an odd diagnol manner, side to side, up and down . Thing was very bright and hovered as well from time to time.  It scared to hell out of everyone in the car.  I remember how loud and frantic us kids got. It was there for what it felt like was forever.  People were pulled over and out of their cars watching.  There were Buffalo Policemen doing the same.  People came out of local businesses and their homes to watch this thing.  It was a mass sighting!  Then in an instant it went left then it went right on an upward angle a it was gone in an instant.  People in the neighborhood talked about this for years.  Nothing ever came about it.  It was just one of those things that happened in our neighbor hood.   My brother and I talk about it occasionally and we were discussing it at work one day and another guy overheard us and he said remembers seeing it too.  This was at least 20 + yrs later.  We consider ourselves extremely lucky for witnessing this UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Ball with 4 orange lights in the sky. I seen a circular floating object with 4 orange lights in it.  I was coming from the west and as it past myself and my wife it was approximately 30 feet in the air it was going less than 20 mph.   As it went in to the east it disappeared into the clouds.  Further looking towards the east there were no clouds.  So I quess it just went away.  No sounds came from it. ((NUFORC Note:  May have been an evening sighting.  We cannot reach the source of the report.  PD))"
"Red Orbs Witnessed three small \"Red Copper Orbs\" in formation.  Appeared and lasted about two minutes.   As we were coming in to the house, we saw lights pop on and formed a triangle pattern.  As we watched the objects pulsate, one began to slowly fade out in to a small copper dot.   Then the next two also began to fade out to nothing but a small dot.  The lights soon became nothing.   The direction they were flying was Westward towards the mountains. I had called several news stations to report and give my sighting to them.  And i also had heard that some people here in Denver, have reported drones flying around out city.   So, I am investigating that story as well.  If this is true, i might have very well have seen night time maneuvers here in Arvada.  I think its still UFO but not ruling out DRONES either."
"Two unidentified flying objects traveling at incredible speeds changing course I was smoking a cigarette and gazing into the night sky.   It was a very clear night except for one cloud the stood in the middle.  I whitnessed a unidentified flying object which resembled a star. It was movong at a high velocity due north.  It was not a plane because it was too far away and moving at an incredible speed. It was a constant light. Resembled a star. The object that was headed due north got lost behind the cloud.  I watched and waited for it to reveal itself when i thought i saw it headed due east. It wasnt even traveling in a straight line.  It's course seemed curved.  Thats when i noticed a second unidentified flying object flying out of the same cloud and this object was headed also due east.  No other object came out of the cloud and both objects looked like moving stars in the sky traveli.g twice... maybe three times the speed of a commerical aircraft.  This event was observed may 28th 2012 above waynesburg pa."
"Green Fireball in MN Sky Green fireball moving from the southern to the northeastern sky in MN until it fizzled out."
"in the city of new york i was riding my bike an notice something in the clouds.  i stop an watched west bound into the cloud. first thought was to take out my phone in which i did.  i begun recording the movement of this craft (ufo) in the clouds.  i looked carefully an seen it was not an airplane  thought they was fling around was well.  this craft (UFO)was moving the the clouds slowly and move forward to other clouds then i notice that it (UFO) was not alone I seen 2 more in another clouds moving reperly  then i turn my force by on the first craft (UFO)  the movement was not a plane or helicoptor   this dot or black ship was moving slowly in the clouds for at lease 30 and 40 minutes than disappaer"
"bright object high in the sky, rotates and hovers constantly. almost like an insect. I've seen this object or craft many times throughout the years in 3 different locations where I've lived in Fredericksburg. Object appears high in the sky, appearing higher than most planes fly and definitely higher than any helicopter. (and moving FAR differently than those crafts.)  At a glance it appears to be just another star but if you set your eyes on it, you begin to notice movements not unlike that of an insect of some sort. It will start in one spot, hover around in circular motions and end up back in its original spot.  Although I've seen this object many times, tonight is the first night that I've noticed the lights. I always thought it was just putting off one beam that stayed in place but tonight I can see that the lights seem to be rotating around the object.  Very bright like the light from a large star but definitely not a star. I dont know anything about weather balloons or satelites but I dont think they operate like this. I just want to know if anyone else in the area has seen this.  The last thing I'd like to say is... a few years ago, I was living with my parents and saw this object (or one like it)early in the morning, about 2am. My dog began barking loudly and fiercely soon after I spotted it. Not barking at the object but something off in the woods almost directly under where the object was located. Needless to say, I was alarmed quite a bit. Soon after, he got worse.. howling and I looked in the direction he was barking and saw, from what I could tell, was a man running in some sort of metal armor but was so quick that he was gone within seconds.  About 3 days later, I got home and my dog had broken his chain and was gone from sight and didnt return. The next day, I went riding around to look to see if he had been hit by a car on the main road. Sure enough, it appeared he had been hit. The strange thing though is that, any time previously when he had gotten loose, he NEVER strayed nearly as far as where I found him. Maybe I'm just paranoid but my instinct told me that the night with the object and the barking had something to do with it.  So maybe i'm just paranoid but I'd love to hear from some other Virginia people about this. Thank you."
"UFO I THINK Last  night  me and my boyfriend were driving home with the windows down , we stopped at a red light and I over heard a lady at the bus stop saying  look it\u2019s a UFO, so I just looked up and seen this big oval  circle looking thing \u201cI was like what is that. It  was right in front of us I told my boyfriend to look at it and he said it was a balloon but then it tilted some and you could see red and white lights and metal then we were like that is a ufo. It stayed there for about three mins then as soon as it tilted it took off I keep looking at it and it just got smaller &smaller as it went."
"10+ bright lights traveling in serial over West Michigan At approximately 1930 on December 22, 2019, I was sitting in the hot tub outdoors enjoying the winter weather and the bright, clear sky over Michigan. I had just asked my children which star they thought was the brightest in the sky, and as I looked west, I noticed at least four bright lights traveling in serial across the sky, fading as they traveled further as if disappearing into the distance. They were traveling in a straight line, appearing perfectly spaced from one another and traveling along the same exact path. As they traveled further and began to disappear one at a time, new lights continued to appear from over the tree line until at least 10 of them had traveled along the same exact path and disappeared. The lights had the same appearance as stars, but shone much brighter and were obviously far closer. They did not move like, or appear to be, airplanes.  Based on experiences I had in the military, my initial impression was that these might have been missiles or rockets being test-fired over Lake Michigan from a launch point somewhere in West Michigan \u2013 possibly near the area of St Joseph based on where they appeared to be coming from. However, I am unaware of any launch or test sites in this area."
"Oak Hill Triangle Lights It was Winter and it was day but close to night. My Father and I had to park at the top of the driveway (on the road) because we would be unable to get out due to the snow. As we began walking from the side of the street to the top of the driveway we saw to orange/yellow lights. One light high above and one light much lower below. The lower light was slightly off line of the higher light.  As I looked into the light, you could tell it had a structure and shape, but the light drowned out the ability to visually identify. The lights made no sound. When my Father and I both were fixated on the lights, they began to move. They moved counter clockwise, equal distance from each other in perfect alignment. They made one complete rotation until they were completely horizontal directly in line with each other. Then they stopped moving entirely.  After they stopped moving, they stood still for about 3 seconds. And the light to the right began to move toward the light to the left. Once the light to the right got near the light to the left, it stopped. And after 2 seconds, the light on the right shot a third light below it at a high rate of speed (sparks came out of the light when it birthed the third light) forming a perfect Inverted Triangle. The light on the right became dimmer once the third light came out. The Inverted Triangle sat for about 5 seconds (no sound). And the light on the left slowly moved into the cloud, followed by the light on the right and the third light last and disappeared into the clouds.  It has been many years since my Father and I have witnessed this, and from time to time I ask him if he recalls that evening. His story never changes. During this experience, I asked to retrieve the large RCA Camcorder we had within our house but my Father told me not to leave, and to watch. We went inside and told my Grandfather, he acted like we were insane. I asked if we should call the police (we didn't). We drove to his friend's house to tell the story to a house full of people, they didn't care. My Mother told me about a week later that people at her workplace had seen something similar (living in the same area as the sighting) and called the police to complain about sparks hitting their roof."
"15 to 20 red orbs moving from west to east over Austin then disappearing. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-lSuIrDZNw&feature=c4-overview&list=UUvH3sgaDDb7cfao802g-C8g"
"While driving up the hill toward the house on a sunny blue sky day, an incredibly large fast moving black shadow ran across the hill in front of us.  We looked up and saw no aircraft and no noise.  Wow!  Must have been some kind of cloaked ship.  There was nothing up there in the sky. Nothing."
"Pulsating fireball hovering above tree line I was looking out the window and a bizarre object hovering just above the treeline caught my eye.  It was motionless, hanging in the sky. It looked like a oval shaped fireball that pulsated with a white/red light.  It was much brighter than an aircraft and did not act like one.   This object moved a little to the east then disappeared for a few moments until it reappeared over Interstate 35.  It hovered there for a few moments then the light disappeared. It had just rained and there was significant cloud cover and lightning in the area.  It didn't look or act like any sort of firework I've seen, especially considering the duration of the event and the fact that it hovered, soundless, for a few minutes. For the most part, it stayed right above the tree line at an unknown distance away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Object in sky no sound, red lights. Slow moving. Here's the situation, my dates may be a little off but I'm close. I have had weird things happen to me all my life, I live in Monmouth county NJ and am surrounded by Earl naval weapons station, as well as the now closed camp Evans. I received a phone call from my mom, approx 5:30-6:00 pm est. ( my mother does not believe in UFOs). My wife answered my cell phone and said \" your moms on the phone, and she says you can see a space station flying though the sky? Traveling north to south, and it is very low in the sky\". I went outside my house on ST. route 71 and looked up at the sky, looking west. I call to my wife \"  I think my mom is crazy, I don't see anything\".  Then all of the sudden. This is what I saw. Traveling north to south, I look up and there is this object in the sky, I can not give you a shape, as I don't recall a shape, what I saw was almost like a craft to say the least.  There were three red lights in a line evenly spaced apart.  The object was about 300ft or so high up in the air, but it made not a single noise.  The object moved slow, I screamed for my wife to come out and check this out. My wife came outside and saw what I saw we stared for a couple seconds.  I told my wife to grab my truck keys, she ran in the house and we hoped out and started to follow the object.  As we drove down 71 following the object south, it suddenly sped up and shot east over the Atlantic Ocean.  We followed it to Manasquan Inlet and could not go any further, the object disappeared. I have many weird situations that happen and I think it has to do with camp Evans. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"It was a triangular shape with white lights at each corner (not blinking ) and 2 in the middle that were blinking It was 8:30 and very dark.  My wife & I were on our way home from visiting friends. Just as we approached our laneway I looked up in the sky and spotted 3 bright lights in a triangular shape. They were not blinking . However we noticed 2 in the middle and those were blinking. After a few seconds it headed south west from where we live."
"((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness.  E-address is suspicious.  Hoax.  PD))"
"fasinated a small cloud appeared then disipated as fast as it appeared amd this happened all over the sky. it was a clear day with no clouds except for the small ones that appeared then disappeared. i am not crazy. my husband saw this as well as myself and i am sure other people also saw it as well as us. i figured it was flying someway using water and had to release some and then it would disappear real fast. i do lmow they exsist. my father used to work at the missle bases some and one landed in new mexico when he was there in the 60s. it disabled the guards radio and he went to get help and only the imprint in the sand was there when he got back.i have also seen two other ones but couldnt tell you what they looked like.one was so bright then went black and i never saw it again . that was near saura mt. stokes co. n.c.  the other one was near greensboro nc it had light all around it and was pretty low and really couldnt see the form of it except it was going real slow. thanks for listening to me. i dont really discuss this with people because i figure they will think i am crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"STRANGE LIGHTS   THE LIGHTS DARTED FROM PLACE TO PLACE AS IF WITHOUT ANY COORDINATION OR DESTINATION. THIS STRANGE PATTERN CONTINUED FOR SEVERAL MOMENTS BEFORE DISPIRSEING.  AFTER THIS POINT THEY HAVENT BEEN SIGHTED AGAIN."
"Alien appeared on rhe back of a semi, we have pictures! ((NUFORC Note:  Reflection of head lights off the rear door of a truck.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I took a photo of the circle   One week ago on Friday's night I went not so far from my home . It was about 50 metres and I took some pictures of near church. Everything seemed to be fine, until I put all the pictures to the computer, and when I was watching it I saw somethnig strange on the photo on the sky. After few seconds I recognized an UFO. It's not a some kind of trick photo. I am photographer amateur. Maybe I made some mistake but if you want so I will send you the photo."
"two lights seen one in the eastern sky and one over head I saw what might have been the international space station in the eastern sky, as it seem to have red and blue colors.  I also saw a very bright star or planet like shape directly over head at around 10pm.  I observerd these same lights the night before. the light in the eastern sky caught my attention as it also seem to have a tail like a comet.  I'm just curious does anyone know what I have seen?"
"12 or more big bright golden star like orbs making shapes in the sky,started slow then they became very fast paced Finally disappearing Spotted Bright golden lights in the sky.  Told my friend to look.  They were in a perfect snake formation.  Bright golden and star like..   We stopped our vehicle and observed them.  I took video on my phone but you can only see 2 of the objects there were at least 12.  BUT my friend also recorded but i did not see his footage to know the quality considering we were using phones.  They formed a perfect snake like pattern.  Then moved inwards forming something that resembled the big dipper.  One by one they shot into different directions.   It happened so quickly.  But at first they moved slowly.  Very slowly.   Finally there were two left and they flew towards one another and disappeared.  There were other vehicles that spotted it/them as they drove by."
"Flash of light near moon Seen to the right of the moon for approximately 30 seconds.  Light stayed in one spot, seemed fuzzy, went away instantly."
"Orange fireballs create a V-formation over beach at Avon. At approximately 9:30pm on 6/2/15 I was with a group of people fishing and having a small fire on the beach in Avon.  The night was warm, the weather clear except for some small patches of clouds and a little haze but the moon was out and visibility was good. I was looking over the water when I noticed a bright orange object had just appeared a good distance down the coast and over the water.  At first I thought it was a low flying plane that had broken out of the hazy clouds, but then the object did a short, quick dip down and suddenly one object \u201cblinked\u201d or \u201csplit\u201d into six to eight other similar orange objects and into a V-formation.  This formation moved across the sky for a few moments and then almost in perfect unison \u201cblinked out\u201d and disappeared.  Of the 12 or so people on the beach, only myself and one other witness witnessed this particular part of the event. Five minutes later, at about 9:35pm, two orange fireballs appeared in the sky closer down the beach to my location.  These two craft came out of the clouds flying nearly parallel and almost mimicking each other\u2019s movements.  They looked very much like planes at first, but then they would pulse bright fireball orange on and off.  They sped across the sky inland, at one point coming to a complete stop and hovering for about a 20 second time period.  The two craft then reversed and started heading back over the sea where they shone bright orange and then blinked out and disappeared. The odd thing about this second part of the sighting, which all members of my party now witnessed, was there was an actual sound for a brief time.  Whether or not the sound came from the craft or not, I cannot say, but it was deep and sounded like a jet engine at first, but then it kind of mimicked the sound of the surf and waves of the beach, but noticeably louder.  It was at the time of this sound that the craft disappeared. One more of these orange balls were spotted well inland at approximately 10:15pm moving over Avon and its beach houses.  It too moved well across the sky only at one point coming to a near complete stop and hovering.  It stayed like that for a few seconds before moving on then blinking out and disappearing.  Three people witnessed this. Fireworks, military flares, light effects off the clouds\u2014this was none of that. These things seemingly moved with purpose and intelligence.  I have never seen anything like it.  Oddly enough, it was noticed that hardly any commercial aircraft or aircraft of any kind were in the skies on this night. After some quick research and checking online to see if anyone else saw what I did, I found on Youtube some footage taken in 2012 at Myrtle Beach which shows exactly what I saw, but I saw a more intricate V-formation of sorts.  If interested and if it can be included in this report, the video can be found at:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wD2cHAOsbTM&spfreload=1"
"Large bright lights in half moon shape over ocean along coast. We were in the water just after dark in front of the Best Western on the surf side.  There were 5 or 6 very bright lights that appeared to the south.  All were in a half moon shape and seemed fairly distant from one another but also seemed like they were all in line in the half moon shape.  They all came on, and then went off and then back on in random order. Not flares for sure.  Then later about 10 minutes,one glowed again by it's self but not the others. I asked another family walking by if they seen it and they said yes and that they just saw the same thing further north about 30 minutes earlier and we both agreed we have never seen anything like it before.   I am prior service in the Army and have seen choppers and A10 shoot their flares out in the day and night while serving in Iraq.  This was certainly not the same thing. Very strange how they were all in perfect position in a half moon shape. Later there was some sort of plane that flew in the direction of ! the spheres that seemed to fly as fast as a jet but the spheres were quite a ways away and over the ocean so I could not tell what kind of plane it was. Also, a helicopter flew quite a ways out over the ocean in a circle around the surf, much further out that what the tourist choppers have been flying. I don't know what it was, but as far out as the spheres were and as bright as they were would make me think that it was not a normal occurrence. My son, myself, and the 3 other people from the other family, that I know of, seen this happen."
"flashing lights with no particular pattern or order or timeing all differant colers about 1100 pm i was out side looking from east to west.when i looked up and noticed what i thought to be one of those old airplanes from the 70s witch write messages in lights across the bottom of the wings.so i tried to read the message, i realized that was no message.but a serise of lites flashing in no particular order or no particular pattern on airplanes its always in the exact same place on the wing and at precice intervals so i said hum what the hell is that.the reason i looked up is i thought i heard an airplane and i mite have but this wasnt what i herd this made no noise.it seemed to be silver but at night its edges were outlined by were the lights were flashing so i watched this object fly right up rosemead blvd slow and steady right over mt. wilson in plane site of whoever else was looking up that night i woke my wife up buy by then it just looked like a lite just flying of in the distance,at one point just the upper edge glowed supper bright supper supper bright. so help me god ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Loud pulsating humming sound hovering over my house. The hovering sound woke me up.  It sounded like it was over the house.  It was cloudy and couldn't see anything.  It just stayed there and sounded like it was over my house. It was a loud pulsing humming sound."
"Object shows its self and its power over territory There were six adults. At first sight about 7:45 the Big white lights. White lights circling and chasing the red lights.  Then two big bright lights popped up and white ones two were circling it the big lights. And the big lights dissapeared and then the two white lights took off then little white lights chased the red ones. This went on four times. Speed of white lights more than two were at the seconds of a blink and did catch up with the red lights in the distance. Heard two noises at that time and then no noises after that. First sighting was two bright lights at 7:30. Continued until the big object v shape front to wing spand. Lights separtated in front and round cockpit and length between the body and wings shaped V like a design bats wings with needle things coming from the wings four of them. Cobalt dark grey and detail.  Red lights were next to the square indentations. Left wing two red lights stayed on all the time and far wing had one at the end. Object moved slowly across 2 miles and then red lights separated from object in the distance and white lights caught up with the red lights. Moved with no noise but ears felt strange. Full moon light. No clouds. Clear stars. Object 2 miles then two jets passed over. Staying away from the object in the distance. White lights still about with the red ones slowly moving on. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate whether the sighting occurred in the evening or morning.  We presume that she implies an evening sighting, so we have amended the time above to reflect that fact.  PD))"
"Star-looking dots, dimming into distance of the clear sky. Star-looking dots, no flashing.  When we saw them, firstly, they were randomly located in the daytime sky (We guessed they were just over Belarus, located an the east side of the sky), bright and clear visible, slowly moving south.  One of them stopped.   After 5 minutes the dots lined up, grouped together and continued moving, they started dimming, after 20 minutes we could barely see them, and it was hard to distinguish them from the sight noise (entoptic phenomenon), but it was still possible to catch them so weakly seen."
"orange then red light I was driving to work on night shift looking like I always do  since I saw the orbs on the 19th of February,  I saw a orange light sitting in sky, I had to look away because I was driving and looked back for it but it was gone, while looking for it I saw a red flash above the clouds much closer to my location."
"Ufo sighting at 8:30PM to 8:38PM over Gwent South Wales uk 22nd May 2012. Very slow moving object, when looking looking through binoculars the object was made up of two white lights. Very poor images due to that i need a better camra.  Also someone reported the same object on my facebook wall- (me and my family witnessed a ufo this afternoon i live just outside of swansea. looked very like your image. dark underneath and reflecting the light on top like two dinner plates joined top to top.)"
"Bright Orb moving slow and low across the night sky. My wife and I were in our yard star gazing with my brother.  We both have telescopes and are outside looking up all the time at night.  I take many pictures of the stars with my Cannon Powershot.  That night to the north at 9:45  was a bright round ball in the sky moving west-south west.  It was moving slow and was low.  I took my camera and zoomed in, it was like a very bright energy ball.  I took a short video of it.  I'm always looking up and will always do so with an open mind. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible ISS sighting?  PD))"
"THE LARGEST ORB EVER SEEN AT 3:30 IN THE AFTERNOON.  LIKE THE MOON PASSING BY the largest ORB ever seen. in the afternoon round like the moon all white moving from west to east darting in and out of the clouds and a full sun at the west of me .  this was so huge you could fill it with about 50 jets about the size at where the chem trails are displaced.  I am so serious  It was whiter than the whitest cloud you would have thought it was the moon passing by.  on a windy cloudy day there is your first layer of clouds and the second layer where it was passing by. then of course at a great distance is the chem trails.  hope this helps. more to the story. thanks  ps.   I figure this could be some of the vehicles described in turkey that we hear about and the different type like ufos, carpets, ect ..  I seen the special on the history channel about the different type vehicles.  thanks for listening"
"i JUST HAPPENED TO LOOK UP AND SEE A \"V\" SHAPED lights. I know what I saw!"
"white orbs flying  at extreme speeds  showing up out of thin air. At 1:38 am driving back from a friends house me and a friend were talking about not having younger brothers  all the sudden a big blue orb as bright as the sun  appeared out of thin air going at an amazing speed... seconds later it was gone from the sky  then once again it appeared out of nowhere and left for the final time.. in shock me and my friend looked at each other and  stared at the sky"
"hovering object with bright lights in sky- suddenly disappears Riding in car with 17 year old daughter, turned corner and my daughter said \"do you see what I see\"  I had seen lights out of the corner of my eye, I looked up and in the sky right in front of us was an aircraft with green and white lights in an oval shape.  I suddenly sped up because I started thinking in was something stuck in the power lines cuz it made no logical sense the way it was hovering.  I felt like something was going to fall on us or suck us up.   I drove past 2 or 3 houses on the street and pulled into a driveway  to look back at it and it was gone.  I turned and drove back under where it was because I couldn't believe it and there was nothing in the sky"
"Metallic Object with con trails dissapears. Was looking southwest when I noticed 2 thick bright white contrails that looked like they were coming off of a twin-engine jet.  Watched it descend for about a minute. It turned a bit and caught the sun. When this happened the object turned a bright metallic.  Even at the distance it was very bright. I looked down for not even a second to put something in my pocket and when I looked up again the object was gone, and so were the con trails. It was as if nothing was ever there. The sky was blue, and clear.  No clouds in sight.  NOTE: about 30 minutes after this sighting when I returned home there was a ton of air traffic.  Jets and other types of planes were either doing a grid pattern or circling around the town I live in.  I saw at least 6 different ones. Some of them were low enough to hear. This lasted for about 20 minutes.  Normally you will see 2 planes an hour here.  Two weeks ago, my co-worker also reported seeing an orange orb at the same place I saw my object that went straight up, banked left and took off at a high rate of speed."
"three rotating lit objests flew over house fast silent stopped in the distance and dissapeared standing at rear door of house two oval objects crossed over house from south west direction heading northeast. they where rotating as they traveled, they where lit in a bead fashion the light was silvery white and appeared opaque. after sevral seconds a third object appeared and followed the same route in the distance they stopped for a few moments then dissapeared if i could guess a distance i would say around two miles coverd in around three seconds. no sound emitted from any object.it had been raining and the cloud was low the objects went above and below the cloud cover. i am a warehouse manager i have a past position in the merseyside police special constabulary am teetotal and have good eyesight.witness 2 works in retail sales and up to this point did not believe in ufo's but is baffled by what he saw"
"Dancing stars in the sky. There are what looks like stars in the sky, but they move and dance around great distances.  It is not temperature caused atmospheric wave distortions.  These stars actually move about sometimes rapidly, sometimes a hand width at arm's length, sometimes not very far.  It is hard to judge because they are way up there and we are down here on the ground.   I have not heard any one else mention this phenomenon.  Not on Coast to Coast nor any other place.   Surely I am not the only person on earth to have noticed this strange happening. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect \"twinkling\" stars, but cannot be certain.  PD))"
"on august sixth 2009 well watching the space station pass overhead about halfway through the pass almost directly north  slightly east north east  3 g ornge glowing balls they look like they were in space 2 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"As I write this, I sometimes find hard to believe, especially with all that was ensued the next day.  Now rest assured, I am prior service military, and being a former boy scout - one thing I would not do with something like this, lie or fib!  I am only telling the experience as I remember it.  This is NO HOAX, but to those idiots that want to deem it as one, go right ahead - I can only tell you what I had seen, heard, witnessed, experienced, nothing more. The date is approximate, but the time is about right.  I was an 11 year old boy scout about to get his first merit badge - astronomy (how ironic).  I was known as the astronomy whiz kid, and \"teacher's pet\" for the class that about 15-20 of us were doing.  The age ranges of the other scouts - ages 10-16.  At any rate, the day of our evening test, I was asked by the scout master for that merit badge to give everyone a brief practice that night before he came out to meet us to administer our test of the night skies. At about 21:45, we all mustered up on the little hill in the field that overlooked the lake and the forest, the rest of the field, etc.  I was testing the other scouts with various constellations and citing little facts, etc.  One kid tapped me on the shoulder and said \"Um, what is that!?\"  I responded \"Oh that is Corona Boreal-\". I didn't finish my sentence.  That night, was the most awesome thing I think anyone could have seen - this huge triangular object. I would say it was roughly about 100-250 feet in size (could have easily been close to the size of a football field).  It made a whirring humming noise that most couldn't hear, but for some reason, I heard the harmonics of this black beauty.  At each of the vertices was a point of white light, but a red one in the middle.  The craft had to be I'd say about 75-100 feet up in the air over the forest; my conservation merit badge, which was next, taught me that the trees that we had there were roughly about 45-50 feet tall.  The craft crossed over the lake, then over the forest. Once it crossed over the shoreline, the craft began to send a red glowing ball/orb from the red light part of it.  It would go at about a 45\u00ba angle.  As the orb would descend, the craft would move forward to receive it.  It was almost like it was optic sonar, at best.  It did this between 3-5 times.  Then it slowly lifted up and the next thing you know, without warning, completely silent, and at an angle no craft on this planet (save for the possible craft we built similar) could ever do!  It would be about 5-10 minutes after this - two waves of jets (about 4 in formation) would fly overhead, and about 3-4 attack helicopters flew overhead with about 2-4 Pave Lows. The very next day, I was with my conservation group of scouts, and we had just finished a very rainy morning hike - it was extremely miserable.  There were probably about 3-4 other scouts from previous night that were with me that had seen this craft.  Off in the distance, I saw what I thought two men I had recognized as a little boy from the Air Force (another report I will need to file - hopefully not as long), along with my scoutmaster, the scoutmaster for astronomy, and a few others meeting together.  There were a couple of state troopers, local police from Rome, and kid you not - two men in black suits.  MIB?  Not sure.  Wouldn't be surprised, but being an 11  year old and not knowing about all that, you just see what you see, right?  The scoutmasters received a severe ass chewing.  Later that day, we all had a meeting, and were told we had seen a very advanced fighter, and that the pilot somehow got lost.  We were also told we were never to speak of this again to anyon! e - especially among ourselves. As I have said, this was the account of that night, and I have had a couple of other experiences throughout.  You can use to your discretion what you believe or not believe.  However, most that know me will tell you I am probably one of the most brutally honest people in this world - and to question my honesty is a death sentence in itself.  I will say there is not a day that doesn't go by when I don't think of this fateful night. And what of the forest, you ask?  I don't know - we were not allowed to go into that part of the woods the rest of the time there.  But something had spooked the people that were working in there."
"bright as a small star about 500 ft in the sky. bright light above kelowna, not moving or changing brightness.  It was just bright as heck and big, like a small star.  It was in the eastern sky and still is as I type this wow not moving at all."
"amazing pictures in the sky of a 100% ufo what else could it be? i believe i believe i believe I was laying in bed, and as  i turned i spotted something bright in the sky at 02:30 there abouts. I got out of bed looked closer through the window to see an object in the sky it was bright and in a static position, it remand there for a few hours i eventually fell back to sleep, but i couldn't help but to keep getting up to see if it was there, and it was every time ! i fell back to sleep about 04:45. I was amazed at what i thought i may be witnessing i took a picture of it on my phone, and again with my phone zoomed in.  The object was of  unknown shape to me, it was bright orange /yellow. It had a long thin extra PIPE LOOKING THING pointing off it. The shape reminded me of a shell of some sort, like the ones that slugy sort of creatures crawl around on there back, not a snail shell! but when zoomed in it was slighty different looking.  I shall send pictures via your web site, i shall also print off and send via mail to garrentee you see what i saw ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Red and green lights about trees 100 yards from house About 100 yards from my house, there was red and green lights flashing right above trees. It was hovering for about 2-3 minutes, then it slowly lifted up and flew away.  It was making a weird noise and was pretty large in size.  I could not see the shape or anything, however.  My dogs started barking and were acting weird."
"Large Disk shape, changing shape and color and smaller objects flying around it. I was at home going upstairs to bed around 9:10 pm. I looked out the window at the top of the stairs and saw a bright white light pulsating. I went to my room to get my binoculars.  I saw a round disk shape that I was thinking looked like a holographic form because of all the tiny white lights and connecting lines of white.  It was hovering over and began changing colors, red, green, white. I yelled for my daughter downstairs. She also viewed the object.  We then went outside in the front yard.  I looked through the binoculars while she was trying to take pictures and record off my phone.  The object was higher than a plane ( one of our videos has a plane flying underneath the obiect) and was higher than a cloud  , but not as high as a star or the moon.  We took turns looking.  I observed it changing shapes from circle to triangle.  It was moving up and down and would also go from side to side.  I would see it spilt and was describing as pie shapes, it would split ! and then pull back together as a solid circle shape.  We watched for about 45 mins and decided to go inside. I continued watching upstairs out the window where I originally saw it.  It continued doing the same actions but the shapes were changing into like a fish shape and what seemed like a cylinder shape.  The only thing I could see was lights connected by a white line, these are the shapes  I am describing.  I continued to watch from there until about 10:20 pm.  The object then zipped further away in the distance toward the south and out of my view.  I have a big window facing South and was able to view the object from there.  It was further away in the distance. I continued to watch the same patterns, but I was able to see a separate white light moving around the bigger circle, this light had even tinier white lights falling down from the sky.  I continued to watch till 12am when it was even further in distance and harder to see with the binoculars. Daughter Cassie\u2019s detailed description:  It was about 9pm on 1/8/2017 I was downstairs watching Tv.  My mom went upstairs for bed.  About 5 min later she\u2019s yelling my name telling me to come upstairs.  She said she saw a ufo outside!  So I took a look in the binoculars and got focused on what she was looking at!  Once I did I saw a holographic diamond shape in the sky!  I looked around at all the other bright lights I saw in the sky of course because I was really wasn't  believing what I was seeing!  Nothing else up there looked like this so We went outside to get a better look!  I watched and watched this thing for a good hr.! it was just hovering over one area until it disappeared and went to a new spot about 2 hrs later. While looking at this threw the binoculars I could see it rapidly changing colors. I\u2019m not sure how else to describe it other than the colors just blended together & you could see all of them at one time. It also kept changing shapes. I\u2019m not sure if it was turning and I was just seeing a different side of it or if it was actually changing the shape of its self. I did see something open up from the bottom and a bright ray of purple light came out of the bottom of it! It did not last long though I would say it was there for what felt about a minute then the purple slowly disappeared. When looking at this threw the binoculars I did get a little freaked out & thought something was watching me so I felt I needed to stop looking. When looking at this with your naked eye it was just a really bright ! light. While recording it on the phone with no flash on it was a bright light that quickly moved from one spot to another without any explanation. I have never seen anything like this before! it was absolutely amazing to see! At one point an airplane flew by and this object was above the plane level but below the stars! I later looked up imagines of a satellite & this object looked nothing like any satellite!"
"Round black object moved across infront of moon no sound. One large Object moved across the moon. Round and black color.. Back ground being the moon. took 3 pictures."
"Very close shooting star with bright colors. Saw what almost looked like a shooting star but there were bright colors and it was REALLY close to the earth insead of far away as a shooting star would be.  Purple, green, white......did anyone else see this?  Then it just disappeared within seconds, in mid air."
"Object was flying in numerous directions while flashing red white and green.  Then started to flash bright white and second object appeared. Both flying in numerous directions at rapid speed then disappeared after approximately 2 minutes."
"strange red lights in strange patterns A group of friends and I were standing outside having a conversation, when we saw what appeared to 3 airplanes with red and white lights blinking on bottom.   We observed these air crafts for approximately 30 to 45 minutes, moving from south east to south west and west to east repeatedly and extremtly high rates of speed and made high speed 90 degree turns.  At times the craft appeared to hover in the sky and one seemed drop something in to the ground.  These flying object did not fly in any certain formation but would spread out and cover large areas of the sky and then regroup.   One witness has been in the military for 5 years and said he had never seen any military aircraft that matched the outline or flight pattern of these aircrafts."
"Light shot  out of tree line at constant level across the sky from east to west at extreme high rate of speed. No tail, did not radiate any additional light from its base,  lost sight in tree line to the west.  Was traveling with the horizion, NOT Falling out of the sky.  What could this have been???"
"Bright light in the sky, periodically moving to new locations practically instantly, with multiple military aircraft chasing later on I do not recall the exact date of the event that I wish to report. I do know that it was in 1995, I believe in the summertime.  Myself and a friend (both about 16 yrs of age) witnessed it from my mother's home in Longbranch, WA.  I have checked on and off for years to see if I could find any similar reports occurred in the same area around the same timeframe and have been unable to find any to date.  I recently found the website for NUFORC, so I thought I would give a shot at reporting it here to see if I could get any further information.   I have to admit that in a way the following description will sound like something you might read or see in a sci-fi story, but I can assure that I and my friend witnessed the event as I will describe in the text below firsthand with the exception of the details from the following morning which were relayed to me by my mother, which seem to bear relevance to the situation so I will include that as well. At some point late night or early morning, I will say around midnight would be a fair estimate, the two of us were sitting in my room.  I looked through my window and saw a bright light through the branches of a tree outside which at first I took to be just a bright star in the night sky.  Within the next several minutes I looked out again and the light was still there in the same position but seemed a little brighter.  Again a few minutes passed and I looked out again, but at this time I could see that the light was in another position relative to the tree, so at this time I mentioned it to my friend and we decided to watch it through the window as the position changed seemed unusual.  Again it stayed in this position for a couple minutes while we watched and then suddenly disappeared and reappeared almost instantly at yet a new point.  At this juncture we decided to go outside to watch as it seemed to be getting closer and would soon be at a point where we could not easily see it above from the window.  Outside we watched for several more minutes with the same process repeating where the object would be stationary in the sky, disappear, and then reappear at another point.  I would say this went on for what seemed to be at least 20 to 30 minutes.  If I recall the directions correctly the object was north of us to begin with when I first saw it and progressively moved south toward us as it went (I will continue to use this directional assumption for the duration of this account). At this time from the southeast we heard the sound of jets approaching from the direction of McChord Air Force Base which is located in Tacoma, which is the nearest large city to Longbranch.  We located them in the sky and saw multiple jets moving in the direction of the light.  When they appeared to be nearing it, it moved to a new point in the same manner as before and the jets turned and went toward it again.  This repeated several times with the same results over several more minutes. More jets approached and this continued with the object now moving further into the east.  They progressively moved out further over the surrounding woods in that direction  until we could no longer see them over the trees.  I would estimate this cat and mouse between them to have gone on for at least 15 to 20 minutes before we lost sight of them all with an estimate of around maybe 8 to 10 jets participating overall.  We watched a few more minutes to be sure they didn't come back in our directio! n and then saw a large dark object coming just over the trees from the same direction the jets and object disappeared from, passing directly over our heads.  When it got near and passed above us it clearly appeared to be a large black helicopter running with no visible lights and with no discernible sound from the rotors.  This is the end of what we saw firsthand. The next morning my mother returned from a trip she had taken to visit family in the Tacoma area the day before and when she got home she asked if anything unusual had happened the night before.  When I asked why she was asking she stated that when she was passing through Longbranch on the way to our home that there were multiple government-plated cars parked by the road with men in suits stopping any passersby to ask if they had seen or heard anything going on the previous night, without giving any information into the nature of their inquiry.  I informed her of what I'd seen but we agreed to keep the information to ourselves at that time.  We never heard or saw anything further on it.  As stated previously, the last part involving my mother was not first-hand, but it does seem pertinent to the prior night's event, although she passed away a few years ago and is no longer around to verify that particular aspect. If you have taken the time to read this in total without discounting it offhand, I appreciate your time and apologize for the length of it, although I did feel I should be as detailed and thorough as possible.  I hope to find out through this outlet if anyone else has seen or heard anything about what happened here, but if not I shall continue to search on my own in the future as I would like to know what occurred here. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Bright white light over Escanaba, MI A steady bright white light traveling South West to North East. Traveling very fast, much faster than any plane would travel and brighter than any star in the sky.  Not flashing as typical for any aircraft.  No sound what so ever.  Guessing approximately same altitude as a small plane might fly.  Did anyone else report this sighting tonight to you or any other Web sight? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Bright stationary object in Phoenix. My brother had spotted a glowing object and had come to get me because he was confused as to what it could be.  At first I figured it was a planet but when I saw it I saw it was much too bright and was slowly moving across the sky.   Very slowly it started moving toward the horizon, so slow that we almost couldn\u2019t tell it was moving, believing it to be our eyes playing tricks on us.  It was very bright, and my brother swore that he saw it shoot up towards the sky which is how it caught his attention in the first place.   We continued to just observe whatever this thing was over the next half hour or so, even climbing on the roof to get a better view.  We had each commented on how the object seemed to be varying in luminosity and to have shown little specks of red blink occasionally.  Again, I must emphasize that it *seemed* to do these thing because we were all staring at it so long that it could very well have been our eyes playing tricks on us.    As we were watching, we noticed that it had slowly shifted its color from a bright, almost star-like, white glow into a deep orange and yellow.  This was for certain, there was no way it was an illusion caused by focusing on something so bright for so long.  Remember, all of this happened over the span of around thirty minutes so the changes were subtle except for the eventual change in color.  It continued to float down towards the horizon and slightly towards what would be north from our perspective.  My brother grabbed his Iphone to use his Starmap app to verify that it was not a planet or star.  It was WAY bigger than anything else I had ever seen, that I suspected was not an aircraft seeing as it was so steady and \u201cfloaty\u201d.  One last thing that we remarked on was the fact that it often looked as if it partially blended with the sky.  We thought it could have been something blocking our view but it was only a part of the object at any one time and whenever this occurred the (I want to say distortion) was the exact color of the sky behind it.  It was definitely one of the strangest things I have ever seen.   I do live near both an airforce base and a major airport if that is at all relevant."
"Lights flashed to reveal a Larg Triangle Object Lights flashed to illuminate part of a triangle shape, they were in square shape and appeared to be the flat underneath of the Triangle very large object lights appeared to be almost a glowing kind of neon or Hologram reflection metallic effect.  It as a low as a plane would fly but definitely not one!   I was heading South over the overpass of the Southern State and it was north of me."
"Sister on an Amtrak train going through Colorado took photo of objects that I had seen in 1992.  The month was june of 2006.  Links to images:  http://greatdome.net/nikkinet/vat/2006.trip.120.jpg  detail  http://greatdome.net/nikkinet/vat/colorado.2006.jpg ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"large, bright white lights with one red light that hovered about 75 feet in air I was driving on south side of Bethlehem on Hayes Street.  I stopped at a STOP sign when I saw what I first thought was a large aircraft but realized it was much too large to be an aircraft.  I originally thought it was going to crash into a house because it seemed to drop quickly out of the sky, but it stopped directly above/in front of me and hovered about 75 feet in the air.  It was very bright white lights with one area of red light.  I pulled my car over to get a better look and when I looked up again, the object was gone. ((NUFORC NOTE:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Rectangular Wing sited over Seattle Washington,  on July 18, 2013. Location:  northeast Seattle, Washington  Time:  22:45 hours  Direction:  observer facing east  Angle of Elevation:  45 degrees  Size of Object:  approximately 6 times larger than full Moon, or 3 inches in diameter as measured between 2 fingers. Direction Object was moving: to the observer's right, southeast. Number of Objects: 1 Color: unlit   On July 18, 2013, in northeast Seattle, Washington, at 10:45 P.M., I observed an unlit rectangular wing flying over my condo.   At first I thought it was a meteor due to its very high speed.   The rectangle travelled in a southeast direction, disappearing over tree tops in approximately five seconds.  The rectangle was very large given its elevation, measuring approximately 3 inches.  Later that evening a Boeing 747 Dreamlifter flew across the same space.  Its elevation was much lower than the rectangle.  I measured the 747 at one-half inch, the diameter of the Moon.  The rectangle covered the same distance as the 747 in a fraction of the time as the latter. I could not detect any sound from the rectangle.  Even though unlit it was observable against the clear night sky, possibly reflecting city lights off its bottom surface.   I believe the rectangle was flying at least 3 times higher from me than the 747.  Given the estimated lengths of each, the rectangle at that elevation would have ! been about 18 times larger than the 747, at 235 feet in length. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he seemed to use to be serious- and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness.  PD))"
"Fast moving Orange light over Kalamazoo I had been home from work for about an hour and was online, when I realized I had forgotten my phone in the truck.  It was very dark outside and I was having trouble focusing to see where I was going, when I got to my truck and unlocked it, I just happened to look up in the sky to the west.   That\u2019s when I saw this orange light; very orange light; it didn\u2019t blink or flash and didn\u2019t make a noise so there was no mistaking this as a plane and it was going too fast for it to be.   It continued to move north until it just disappeared.   I came inside and got on Google to see if there was anyone else that may have seen it and posted it somewhere.  That\u2019s when I saw all the reports of similar sightings and I came across an article called the \u2018UFO Traffic Report\u2019 and it had a link to here to make a report.   I\u2019m a grown man, I know I\u2019m not crazy and I\u2019m not saying this was an Alien UFO but it was like nothing I have ever seen before."
"There are four bright circles moving around in a circle, then converging together in the middle."
"Pencil-like objects seen flying over the water. Looking out over the bay, we saw two silver objects shaped like pencils...can't remember seeing exhaust....  They were about a half mile away (it seemed) or closer.  They looked to be about 200 feet above the water.  They were flying close together and toward the north.  They looked just like silver pencils in every way...were cylinders. It was a clear day. I watched them with binoculars and they looked the same as they did with the naked eye.  As I handed the binoculars to my husband, they vanished....he did not see them with the binoculars...but did get a good look at them with the naked eye. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD))"
"unusual craft lands in woods near a6 and causes electrical problems on the car. was driving back from mums along the a6 between bakewell and buxton when my friend in the back seat saw a light quiet bright out of the window and pointed it out to us   it decended through the trees and seemed to be landing,   the car was loosing power   i can only describe this as an electrical fault, i didnt at any point think i was seeing a ufo though my friend did say hed never seen a aircraft like it before,   the craft definately landed in the woods and as we got further away the car had no further problems.."
"Bright Orange Diamond Shaped UFO In Sarasota Florida At 2:15 on the morning of July 16, 2011 my father, myself, and my father\u2019s best friend who I call uncle were returning from an offshore fishing trip.  Our plan that night was to go out on the boat before dark, (about 8:00) find a spot about 35 miles offshore and fish through the night there.  We expected to return the next morning.  The waves were much rougher than they were supposed to be so I got very sick and slept and the cushion in the front of the boat.  My dad also became sea sick but he kept fishing making it even worse to the point that we decided to return early. As we were pulling up to our dock at about 2:15 in the morning I was getting the ropes ready and my dad was driving so we were not looking at the sky.  My uncle then said \u201cwhat is that?\u201d and pointed to the sky, when we looked up we saw an object that appeared to be on fire.  I thought the object was a plane about to crash but I soon noticed that it was not.  I could see that the top of the object looked like a large isosceles triangle pointing upward and the bottom looked like a small equilateral triangle pointing downward.  I was very interested in the object so I watched and after a few minutes my father and uncle dismissed it and began unloading the boat.  As I continued to watch the object it went from the bright flaming orange color to a darker yellow color as it got smaller this looked to me like it was going farther away.  The object retained its shape as it got smaller. The object made no sound the whole time.  I then watched it go across the sky from the left to the r! ight at a very high speed then immediately stop, hover in place for about 2 seconds then completely disappear.  Then we saw nothing more of the object. Later on my dad asked my uncle if he thought it was the sheriff\u2019s helicopter (which I knew it wasn\u2019t) and he said no which was a trusted opinion because he is a lieutenant with the Police Department.  None of us said anything about it being a UFO but we probably were all thinking it.  Later on I talked about what I saw with my dad and he told me he thought it may have been a UFO.  When I told my sister she did believe that we saw something that night but would not admit she thought it was a UFO."
"Triangle Shape sighted. Two hours of time lost during the encounter. Statement of 6/1/13:  This encounter occurred during the month of May, 1987.  I lived in McPherson, Kansas.  My parents lived in Salina, Kansas.  My husband was a sheriff\u2019s deputy and worked the 4-12 shift.   On Friday or Saturday evenings, I would leave our home early in the evening and take my two daughters, aged 4 and 5 months old, and drive to Salina to visit with my parents for the evening.  I always left my parents home at 10:00 in the evening, and always called my mother when I and the children returned home so she knew we were safe and off the highway.   It was a 30 minute drive from Salina to McPherson on the highway.  Lindsborg is 14 miles from Salina, halfway back to McPherson.  As I approached Lindsborg\u2019s lights on my right hand side,  I glanced back at my sleeping 4 year old and also at my infant daughter asleep in her carrier in the front seat of my car.  I could see the sodium lights of the rest area, called \u201cStuckey\u2019s\u201d about a mile ahead and to my right off the highway.   I became aware that I! saw something outside of my driver side window.  I looked up in the sky.  Around 500 feet up, across the double highway a solid black shape was \u2018hanging\u2019 in the air.  I recall there was a red light, a green light and a white light and they were in the corners of the object.  I determined it was a black triangle shaped object.  It was totally silent, not moving, just hanging there, blotting out the stars and clouds in the night sky.  I rolled down my window to listen, but there was no sound except my tires on the pavement. I thought, \u201cI should stop for a moment to see what this is.\u201d  I remember pulling over to the side of the road on the highway.  There were cars across the grassy center on the opposite side of the highway also stopping.  One car behind me was also pulling over.  I looked over at my sleeping daughter in the front seat, and opened my car door.  I had my right hand on the steering wheel, my left hand on the top of my open door pulling myself up out of the car.  My left foot was on the road of the highway, my right still on the floo! rboard o f my car.  I looked up and this triangle shape was just THERE.  Hanging.   Silent with three soft lights barely shining.  My car tires bumped up over the raised part of our driveway and I parked my car.  I took my 4 year old into the house and put her in her bed.  I returned to the car and got my 5 month old daughter and the diaper bag out of the front seat.  I set her, in her carrier, down on the couch in the living room and was surprised to see headlights turn into our driveway and flash across our kitchen window.  My husband, a sheriff\u2019s deputy, burst into the front door, both angry and worried.  \u201cWhere have you been?\u201d he demanded. I was rather surprised but told him, \u201cI just left mothers\u2026what are you doing home so early?\u201d \u201cEARLY?\u201d he shouted, \u201cIt\u2019s midnight!  Your mother has been going crazy calling the department, saying you must have had a wreck, I have half the department out looking in the ditches for you!\u201d  I was stunned.  I looked at the clock on the stove, it said, \u2018 12:05\u2019.  I said that was impossible, that I had JUST left there 35 minutes ago.  How could it be after midnight?   I told him what I had seen in the sky and when he calmed down a bit, he called information and got the name of the Salina Air Base and handed me the phone.  I dialed the number and a nice young man answered and I after explaining about the triangle shaped \u2018plane\u2019  I asked him if the Army was testing any new aircraft over the highway between Salina and Lindsborg.  He said he was not sure, but he would transfer me to someone that could answer my questions.   Another man got on the phone and identified himself as a Colonel.  He was very nice at first, questioning me about who was with me when I saw this shape, what time it happened and more general questions.  He then turned cold.  \u201cWhat is your name, ma'am?  What is your address?\u201d  I put my hand over the phone and whispered  to my husband, \u201cHe wants my name and address..\u201d  My husband took the phone out of my hand and hung up.  He said, \u201cThey want to know who you are and where you live for a reason..\u201d  This was long before the days of caller I.D. and cell phones, being 1987. After that experience, I began to develop a fear of the nighttime.  I would go in the car at night, but years went by and I continued to lean forward and search through the windshield for \u201csomething.\u201d  I had a very disturbing auditory experience for years, a low heavy \u2018droning\u2019 cycling in and out, I told my husband for years, while holding my ears, \u201cDon\u2019t you HEAR that? It\u2019s driving me crazy!\u201d  It sounded like a very large piece of machinery, with a very large engine droning on and on, from very far away.  I watched the night sky constantly, and avoided as much as possible going out after dark.  I found a place on my right arm, on the back, right above the elbow \u2013 there was something sharp and stabbing in my arm.  I would squeeze this area and feel something very sharp deep in the skin.  I had it for years.  During this time, I would have auditory experiences \u2013 if I stubbed my toe or bumped my shin, a hot \u2018zip of electricity\u2019 would run along the back of my head from one ear to the other and a robotic mechanical voice could be heard only by me.  \u201cThe small toe is injured.\u201d  \u201cThe right leg is injured.\u201d  Always this mechanical, emotionless voice.  I thought I was going crazy. I had a total hysterectomy in February of 1997.  From the time I had the hysterectomy, the voice, when ever I was injured, stopped.  I continued to notice the sharp object on the back of my arm and determined to remove whatever it was, got a needle and began digging on my arm.  As I am not left handed and it was on the back of my right arm, this was awkward and not very successful.  My husband knew about this sharp object and encouraged me to try to remove it.  After considerable digging and squeezing, a piece of razor thin white \u2018plastic\u2019 came out of my arm.  It was approximately one inch long and came to a dagger point.  I showed my husband the object and he told me to save it.  That was in 1999.  I regret I cannot remember what I did with this object.  My mind conveniently \u2018forgot\u2019 whether I saved it or discarded it. This is my story.  My husband is now a Chief of Police and will verify under oath all that I have related.  I am quite willing to undergo hypnosis or lie detector to verify my claim. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"MADAR Node 100"
"V shaped glowing mist moving fast over star-lit sky While sitting in the hot tub on March 16, 2010, my husband and I saw a strange mist shaped in a \u201cV\u201d gliding through the sky and appeared  be glowing white the bottom and approximately 700 feet above us.  I watched it sort of dive downward and then I couldn\u2019t see it anymore"
"I walked out on my back porch and looked up.  It looked like a bunch of stars together twinkling in the sky and changing formation.   It was moving fast and could see it for about five minutes.  I have no idea what it was."
"I saw a bright light where none should have been and watched it disappear. I was standing outside smoking, looking north. I noticed a point of light as bright as Venus, halfway between Polaris and the horizon.  As I watched, the light moved very slightly eastward and, while moving, faded from a bright point of light to nothing.  I moved to the right then to the left, thinking that my view might have been obscured by a couple of spindly palm trees which were there. I never saw the light after it faded.  I saw no airplane lights at any time and there are no stars that bright in that part of the sky."
"2 bright orange silent fireballs Two bright orange fireballs moved at a moderate rate across the sky, both were completely silent.  The fireballs were pulsating slightly and traveled south to north.  The second fireball followed on the exact same path as the first, appearing about 30 seconds after the first fireball passed."
"We were on our way home from work when I looked up and said \u201cWHAT IS THAT?\u201d . It was a bright light in the sky over the trees, a rectangular shape.  My husband looked up and said, \u201cDid you see that?\u201d   I was trying to keep an eye on it, when a tractor pulled out and then the trees got in the way. By the time we came to a clearing it was gone.   We have never seen anything like that before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD)"
"Two diamond UFOs over Oakland/Berkeley we went for a nice sunset hike at the reservoir.  we decided to go out to dinner in berkeley.   i took a slightly different way to get to highway 24 than normal, it was a bit faster and i never went that way before,  i was like on automatic pilot.  this new shortcut saved about 4 minutes.  we when through the Caldecott tunnel and everything was just like any of the countless times before we've had a sunday out.  immediately on the other side of the tunnel we all see two giant super bright orange/red orbs in the sky in front of us, coming in our direction.  my 19 year old son instantly knows these are not helicopters and he alerts me to that.  i look at them and i'm saying WTF. WTF. WTF.  my wife is thinking those are very weird flying lights.  my thoughts are &quot;ok, these cannot be planes because they are moving too slow and planes just don't fly like this.  must be a helicopter, i'll look for aviation lights, because by law there must be aviation lights.! no,  WTF this thing is completely glowing orange/red and it's pretty big.  meanwhile my wife is started to get upset with me because my driving is now erratic as i'm being completely transfixed by what i'm trying to understand.  i'm searching my memory banks,  balloon?  no.  blimp?  definitely not.  chinese lantern?  no these things are big.&quot;   then they are right overhead and i'm leaning over the steering wheel looking up and swerving on the road and my wife is now seriously freaked out and yelling at me.  then i see the body of first one.  the edges are what's glowing orange/red  it has a diamond shaped metallic body and it looks big.  so does the other one, there are two of these.  as the first one passes and i make the mental connection that this is some type unidentified of craft,  my entire body gets goose pimples and i get them even now writing this.  i'm saying holy #, holy #, holy #, this is real,  that is a real UFO.  holy #, my wife yells get on the road, ! look out!  now it's behind us and i can't afford to look backw! ards to see it or else we are definitely going to crash.  i yell to my to look at it and remember everything he sees."
"Diamond shaped object seen over Miles Plattings Manchester at 20:15pm Returning home from work with my friend when a bright light appeared in front of us in the sky. It looked like a ball of fire. We thought at first it was a firework until it came closer. It appeared to be a diamond shape, orange in colour with a circle of lights at the bottom. The object was moving slowly then after about 5 mins was gone. Other cars on oldham road in Miles Platting, Manchester also seen the object."
"1 object flying 1000 feet eratic. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red orbs flying over Monument, Colorado. We went on a late drive up mount Herman road, parked there for about a hour I was telling my wife iv felt strange things before up there around that neck of the woods above air force academy on the lookout point and I was telling her how people have seen things in the sky up there I wanna saw it was like 1:15 and off to our left this red/white light brighter then iv ever seen and believe me I work around high pressure sodium bulbs all day long and nothing I have ever seen was this bright.   It moved very silent the atmosphere around us changed to still air almost stale air it moved I wanna say 20 maybe 30 miles in literally a blink of an eye my wife said it's moving and all of a sudden it was hovering about 60 yards off to the left of us once I said let's follow it poof gone never saw anything again I drove home a changed man speechless I'm from highlands ranch just a 1 am bored trip changed my life."
"sighted grey object, it then exploded in light and disappeared I was biking to the beach right before noon and just as I was going to turn in the lot, I saw this greyish object flying far and to the right in the sky. I kept on looking at it, it wasn't moving, and then all of a sudden the whole thing exploded in light and then it disappeared. I scanned the sky for it, but it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  Possible hoax.  PD))"
"Five VERY SLOW moving aircraft at mid-day along the coast. On a bright, windless day, driving south along the coast around 1pm, I saw first one, and then a total of five aircraft, make their way down from the coastal mountains, across the highway, and out over the ocean.  There was also a small Cessna type aircraft buzzing up and down the coast. These five aircraft at first seemed small, but then it appeared they were all very large, seen at a distance of a quarter mile.  They were somehow very dark, too dark to identify any markings despite the bright sun overhead.  They looked like large bombers in shape, but then again, not.  Very hard to describe their shape.  Kind-of like military planes but kind-of not.  They looked more like some sort of squashed plane, with a short nose and squat wings, but very large.  It was very hard to tell. The reason I am posting this is because they were traveling at a speed SLOWER than the birds around me.  Even at the distance from me, I could see the small prop plane moving faster than the five large aircraft. They didn\u2019t make sense.  They should not of have been airborne, moving so incredibly slowly.  It doesn\u2019t make any sense.  Only balloons can travel that slowly, or maybe a hand-glider.  They should have fallen out of the sky. They moved in formation all the way out to the ocean and I lost sight of them.  I don\u2019t understand. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Video Evidence...Bright Silver lights in evening sky Pre stars... no way these were stars... random movement up down left right We are a family living in a rural farmhouse close to the market town of Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England.  In the dusk tonight we observed and captured on video initially one then rapidly a number of bright sparkling lights appeared from nowhere in the sky that moved randomly across the sky and against the prevailing wind direction.  You could describe these as fireworks they were so close to the ground but fireworks certainly dont go up, then down then sideways then float then up again or left, followed by hiding behind a tree then back out again.  They went from being visible to invisible and back again.  Never seen anything like it.  We captured them on video.  The lights seemed to come towards us and then the camera battery suddenly died, even though it had over 45 minutes left on it.   We live about 10 miles from a large USAF base called Lakenheath which is also only a couple of miles away from RAF Mildenhall another USAF base in Suffolk, England.   For all  we know it could be something military that we don't know about... however it flies, and we don't know what it is."
"Bright white kite shaped light morphs into sickle shape as it turns before flattening out over Vacaville Hills on Aug. 19, 7:45pm. Vacaville, California, Sunday, August 19, 2007, 19:45, my son and I were driving in heavy traffic westbound on I80 between Nut Tree Road and Alamo Drive.  We both noticed an object slowly rising over a ridge of foothills between Vacaville and Fairfield, CA.  The object was a bright white-yellowish light and its shape changed as it changed direction.  As the traffic was heavy it took us about 90 seconds to travel the distance between the two roads. Initially it had a diamond like polygon shape and I thought it was a cloud.  My son said it was moving too quickly to be a cloud, but not quickly enough to be a plane.  It was an extremely bright light.  As it rose vertically, the leading edge lost its rectangular shape and became rounded.  It was trailing a bright jet trail.  Then it turned to the south (left) and became sickle-shaped, still trailing a jet trail.  As it completed the turn, it flattened and narrowed and became straight in shape, still trailing a jet trail.  At that point it picked up speed, and was on a slightly angled upward path.  By this time I was at Alamo Drive and we lost view of it. My son is 12 and fascinated with airplanes.  His grandfather was a pilot who flew for the military and World Airways.  My son just had his eyes tested at 20/20.  I am 51 years old and a volunteer at the Vacaville Police Department.  Neither of us has ever reported a UFO before and we don\u2019t know anyone who has ever claimed to see one."
"Large red flashing lights flaying just above tree level. While sleeping that night, my dog started to bark loud and move frantically around the bed at about 2:30am.  I assumed my brother was home from work, as she usually barks when she hears the front door open accompanied by the chime of our home alarm system.  I told her to be quiet it was just my brother coming home, but she continued to bark and got louder.  I listened to hear the usual sounds of him entering the house (door closing, walking around, etc.) but heard none as didn\u2019t come home, and ended up spending the night at a friend\u2019s house. The dog continued to bark as she does when someone is there, and she is unsure of who it is.  Again, I told the dog to stop barking.  I then heard the sound of what an airplane sounds like when it passes over our house, and thought maybe it was just the furnace turning on that startled her.  But the sound gradually got louder and closer to my home, sounding more like a plane landing.  It was as though the aircraft was right over our roof, and it felt like the whole house was shaking.  We don\u2019t live near enough to Pearson Intl Airport for an aircraft to be flying that low in our area, and it did not have the distinct sound of a helicopter. I got out of bed and looked out the window to see a long cylinder shaped aircraft flying just above tree level.  It did not have wings, propellers or visible landing gear.  For about 30 seconds I watched the slow moving object with two large circular lights fly over our subdivision.  The lights were bright red, and looked to each be 4ft in diameter (one in front of the other), flashing one after the other until it was too far me to continue to watch it.   When I realized what I could potentially be witnessing, I tried to get a picture with my phone but the aircraft was then too far beyond trees. This is not the first time I have seen something questionable in our area."
"Brilliant white light, morphed to clearly defined rectangular black shape, emitted misty tail, all vanished w/ no trace. I was returning home from Arizona the evening of August 17, 2018, about 7:40PM PDT.  I was driving north on I-11 (US93-95) and had just passed the Boulder City interchange when I noticed a brilliant light, WNW of my position about 35 degrees above the horizon.  The light appeared to be approaching Black Mountain but was off in the distance, seemingly 10-20 miles away.   I immediately assumed that it was simply a jet on final into McCarran airport, since the jet traffic routinely make their final turns at Black Mountain.  I glanced at it again about 30 seconds later and noticed that it hadn\u2019t moved in any closer.  Right then the light started to shimmer to a dull orange and went completely black and became a rectangular shaped black object, silhouetted against the dusk sky.  Though the overall object appeared quite small (maybe 1/6 of a full moon) the corners of the rectangle were sharply defined.   I glanced back at it again periodically every few seconds while ! driving and noticed after another 30 seconds a milky tail start to come out of the black rectangular object and cover it in mist.  Five seconds after that it had completely disappeared between my glances at it.  No mist just gone.  I would have assumed it was a meteor viewed face on, had it not been visible for almost 2 minutes in total."
"Two light in the sky that responded to camera flashes. My brother and I noticed a light in the sky, the light was like a strobe type changing colors from white to red to blue.  Then we noticed a smaller light directly across the sky to it. It to was changing colors.  The two light were in sync with each other. I tried to video tape it with my phone, but the lights wouldn't show up.  So I began to flash my camera towards the large one.  When I did it began to change color and move up and down, right to left. I did the same to the small light. The big light would respond in the manner.  The small light would just change color.  At one point the large light became bright and looked triangular in shape.  The lights are still outside and are still sitting in the sky.  The large one would do maneuvers like I have never seen before. Almost as it were like a pen writing in the sky. That is the only way I know how to explain it."
"JUST A COMMENT  AND  OPINION.   I THINK THE UFO-TRAIN COLLISION OF JAN 2002 IS A HOAX.    I WORKED FOR CSX AT SHELBIANA KY.  I HANDLED ((deleted)) OF TRAIN CREWS AND THAT WOULD HAVE COME TO ME, HAD THAT CREW TOOK A TAXI TO SHELBIANA KY FROM EITHER PAINTSVILLE KY OR MARTIN KY.    I NEVER KNEW OF SUCH INCIDENT AND IT WOULD HAVE BEEN TALKED ABOUT.    I RETIRED IN ((date deleted/after alleged incident)).   IN THAT PERIOD OF TIME, I NEVER HEARD OF ANY HINT OF SOMETHING HAPPENING,  NOT EVEN A RUMOR.    IT WOULD BE INTERESTING TO KNOW THE PEOPLE OR PERSON THAT FILED THAT REPORT. AT THAT POINT IN TIME, I HAD OVER ((deleted/decades)) SERVICE ON THE RAILROAD. FORMER ((title deleted/senior person with responsible position)) OF CSX RAILROAD AT SHELBIANA KY. ((name, address, and e-address deleted))"
"My wife and I saw an orange glowing object moving across the sky, then witnessed it stop and change direction in the blink of an eye. My wife and I were on our deck last night around dusk, watching airplanes go by (we see planes on their way to the Pittsburgh International Airport).  Out of nowhere I noticed an orange sort of glowing form in the distant sky, heading Southwest.  It seemed very unusual, so I kept my eye on it, for about 2 minutes.  Then, out of nowhere it stopped and immediately started heading Northeast!  As it reached the middle of the sky (from our point of view) another similar glowing object appeared and the 2 of them crossed paths, and headed in different directions, where within a minute or so they disappeared from my view.  This first encounter lasted about 5 minutes or so total. I stayed outside until it got darker while my wife went inside.  Not too long after 9 PM or so I noticed a ball of white, dim light (maybe a teardrop shape?) moving horizontally across the sky, just above a distant tree line.  The object then stopped completely, started pulsating white lights for about 10 seconds, then headed out of my view. All 3 of these objects were too far away to make out their shapes, but I would guess either cylinders or teardrops.  And although they all pulsated orange and white lights, they also had a very solid aspect to them, like a craft.  Not sure how to explain that.  One of the greatest things I've ever had the chance to witness. I've always believed in this stuff, but have never seen anything first-hand! Wow!"
"Red Ball of light seen hovering over Lake Salvador in Louisiana. On the above date and time myself and a coworker were working on the water near Lake Salvador in Lafourch Parish. At this time we saw a Red Ball of light move slowly from West to East and come to a stop and hover over the lake for approximately 20 minutes. The craft then moved upward into the cloud deck and disappeared. I hold a private pilots license and I spent some time in the military and I have never seen anything like this before. The object made no sound at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"One reddish/green orb flying southeast to northwest in the sky. One reddish green flashing or pulsation orb was moving south east to north west.  No sound was noted to this object. The sky was clear and firework had just finished up in the eastern direction. Could not determine speed or height the orb was moving at though it was moving faster than a conventional aircraft and was moving up and down or wobbling at the same time it was moving forward."
"Encounter with disked shape UFO on campus of Florida Presbyterian College with 30 others   This happened on the campus of Eckerd College (then called Florida Presbyterian College) in St. Petersburg, Florida. Don't remember the exact date, sometime in 1970, I believe in the spring.  There were about 30 of us watching a movie, \"The African Queen\" in the Student Union in the middle of campus. The movie was over around midnight, and we all walked out of the building. There, hovering approximately 20 feet above the ground in the open area near the Student Union, was a disk shaped, grey metallic craft. It was not small, I'm guessing approx. 50 feet wide. It had red lights in a band around the middle of the craft. It was completely silent, and was not moving.  I had the feeling that time stopped, we all stopped moving, stood where we were, as if frozen in time. No one said a word. I don't know how much time past. The next thing I remember is that the craft lifted straight up, made a perpendicular movement, then straight up again, and was gone. Its speed was faster than one could even imagine. No acceleration time, it was at a standstill, then gone.  No one said a word, we all just walked back to our dorm rooms on campus. This was very out of character, because this was a very \"radical\" 60's type college, with a very verbal student body! I was walking back to my dorm with a friend, and were walking very slowly, as if walking through mud. I said to her, \"Maybe we should tell someone\" and she said \"No, don't bother\". When I got to my dorm, I called the TV station (left a message) and the police (who didn't believe me).  That was it. No one ever spoke about it. I forgot about it almost immediately. Then I started remembering it in detail around 20 years later. This was the only time in my life I saw a \"UFO\".  If any of the 30 people who shared this experience with me that night in 1970 on the campus of Florida Presbyterian College also remembers this event, please report it on this site. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  We would welcome reports from the other witnesses.  PD))"
"8 or more lights in formation flying slowly into the diatance. Walked out of work, saw about eight lights in the sky in a formation pattern.  Got out my camera recorded for about 2 minutes and they slowly faded into the night sky one by one."
"2 orange orbs 1 orb circled around the motionless one, then went up and took off. We were driving back from a college class located near Wake Med, North Carolina. It was about 6:00pm. A normal night, slightly cloudy. However there were no clouds in the area of the sighting. We were listening to music joking around; As we pulled into the sub division in which I reside. I looked out the rear window to enjoy the stars like I sometimes do. Upon looking I saw two orange/yellow lights in the sky. They initially were directly beside one another. Then coincidently as I looked my friend asked what I was staring at... he then looked back with me and slowed the car down to a near halt. At that exact moment the craft/light that was on the left side did a U turn going from being on the left side to quickly pacing under it and was then positioned on the right side. Almost simultaneously the light then shot up directly into the sky about a mile or two...and then sped up forward going over our head. All while the other light/craft stayed hovering motionlessly in the night sky. I couldn't make out the shape, all I can really say is they were two orange colored orbs. The flight pattern was indeed incredible. Something I've never seen before. I couldn't help but fix my eyes on to what was taking place. I didn't get scared however I had a incredible feeling of joy. But once the two crafts disappeared after about 3-4 minutes. I felt sort of depressed not knowing what to believe."
"Blue triangle lights over Eustis, FL. It was about 1:30 am i got up to get drink of water and use restroom, I glanced out window saw like a blueish pulsating light, at first thought maybe law enforcement had someone pulled over or something, but I looked out window and saw the glow was coming from above.   As i looked up, I could see 3 triangle crafts, almost as if it was translucent, almost like seeing through it.  The light was flashing on things in yard like the orange tree, then flashed the oak, like they were looking for something.   I was frightened by what I saw, and it appeared that when they saw me moving curtain to see, they went straight up and disappeared."
"Driving south on 215 freeway, my daughter shouted from the back seat, \"What is that light, dad?\"  I didn't see anything at first, but did see a giant bluish light in the sky to the west. Must have lasted 10 minutes or so.  Other have reported seeing it as far north as the Bat Area, south as far as San Diego and east as far as Nevada. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"Ufo was dancing in the sky over lake hefner ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  Possible hoax?  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Ok,I actually have had 2 really strange occurrences within the last few nights.My neighbors and I have always watched the skies,hoping to see an otherwordly craft,and we always saw these strange crazy blinking lights that looked like strobes in the sky,so we would always look at the sky while we were outside smoking,talking,etc.,hoping to figure out what they were.However,if i thought those were wierd,they are NOTHING compared to what I have seen the last few nights.On aug 1st,I was outside talking to a neighbor,had the kids out for a while,just hanging out.All of a sudden I saw this light in the corner of my eye,cause I'm always looking up at the sky,So I looked to my right and saw what looked like a ball of light go across the sky from my right,to left,for about 3 seconds,and then just disappeared in the middle of the sky!!(had no light trail at all!!)I freaked out,and told everyone about it!!The wierder thing was that it traveled quite a distance,from our view looking up to the sky,the length it traveled would be about the length of 2 rulers,and a little more,so actually up in the sky,it's alot further than that,and it was gone in about 3 seconds!!So,the next night we look,we don't see anything.Last night,had 2 very strange occurrences,1st time,my neighbor and I were sitting out front,talking about our days,random goofy things,life,and so on,and then we got on the subject of the object I had seen 2 nights before.So I was showing her using gestures and what not,what I had seen,where it disappeared at,etc,when we both saw this bright light out  in front of us(in the sky,but in the distance in front of us)and it was moving upward very slowly,and it was as bright as a bright star,same size as a big bright star,very wierd!!So it was moving slowly upward,then it started moving left,and as it did,the light kept fading more and more,and then it just disappeared!!We both freaked out like where did it go,and kept watching the whole sky waiting for it to appear again,in case it went behind a cl! oud,you know?didn't see anything in the spot where it disappeared,but not even 30 seconds later,it appeared above us!!Very high,looked like a star,but it was bright again,and this time moving to the right across the sky,a little faster,too.The light actually seemed to pulsate or something once,because it looked extremely bright for a second,and then faded,and disappeared,again!!!We watched for an hour after that,and didn't see it again,but we were both freaked out!!However,about 10 min. after we saw it disappear the second time,we see those crazy blinking lights in the sky,like 5 or six different ones,which I believe to be some type of plane,not passenger,too small.Connection,or coincidence???Ok,thought that was it?NOOOO!We told my boyfriend,who was inside and always misses everything,so I told him we would sit out there together and watch the sky,see if we see anything.My parents live next door to me,so at about 3am(yes,that late,lol)we were all sitting out there watching the sky,talking about what me and my friend saw,talking about god,the end of the world,etc.,and about 45 min into the conversation,I see up above me,where I had seen the last one,a bright light that looked just like a star,moving across the sky to the right,moving at a med pace.My dad sees it,and we're watching it and the light gets dimmer and dimmer,as it moves along,and I kept saying(watch,it's gonna disappear,i bet you,watch!)Sure enough,it does!!Completely disappeared!My boyfriend didn't see it,so I started getting excited,saying,kinda loud,(how did you not see that?!!!You didn't see that at all?!!)And all of a sudden my dad And my boyfriend were both like whoa what was that?And I said what?The whole sky had flashed blue for a split second,and him and my dad saw it,but i was too busy yelling at him,that I freakin missed it!!!The whole sky,both of them said!!!And there was no storm,no clouds,no lightning before,or after!!Craziest night of my life period!!If you ever are looking at the stars in the sky ,watch closely,because one of them may ! not be a star!!!"
"Black hovering object seen in daylight hours. I was out cutting firewood in my in-laws back yard about a 20-30 minutes before dark and I looked up hill and between the house and some tall trees through the opening I saw what appeared to be a very large helicopter off in the distance.  It appeared so large that I thought it might be a chinook (I think that is the one with dual rotors.)  I looked at it for 5 to 10 seconds and then when I didn\u2019t hear it, I asked my wife \u201cwhat is that contraption flying towards us?\u201d   It did not make a sound which had me interested in it.  It seemed to be traveling at normal helicopter speed what ever that is (80-120mph??)  Like a medevac helicopter when you see them approach and fly over. It appeared to get larger and then went out of view behind the house.  I walked up the hill some to get a better view of it as it came back into my line of site my wife was standing right next to me further up the hill.  When it appeared again,(maybe 10-20 seconds after going out of view) it was actually out beyond the house not precisely over it.  By this time it was clearly black in color with the shape undefined.  The top appeared to be narrower than the bottom and it seemed to me to be oscillating very slightly.  (this very well could be just my brain trying to make sense of what I was seeing based on past experience only small electric drones move in that way with little or no sound)After this seemingly normal speed (for a large helicopter) approach it came to what appeared to be a slow deceleration until it came to a complete stop roughly 500 feet from where I was standing and maybe 300-400 feet in the air. It stayed there for maybe a minute or two with very little mov! ement.  It seemed as if it saw us standing in the yard looking at it and came to a slow stop.  After the one or two minutes it began moving again it moved up in a very different direction than it was going before it came to a stop.  It moved at a very steep angle almost directly away from us.  It took 3-5 minutes to finally go out of view.  I stood and watched it the whole entire time to see if it would eventually dart away or make some other kind of unusual maneuver but it did not.  It seemed to go directly away in a straight line from me up into the sky until passing out of view.  (surpass my ability to see it in the distance) From the time it came over the house to stopping it appeared to be much smaller than when we first saw it. Even though it was a lot closer it appeared to be smaller. So for the time it took to disappear I would guess it was traveling at 10-20 mph as it went away. Based on feeling after it appeared over the house I estimate its size to be about 3ft by 3ft, black in color, with an indiscernible shape."
"Yellowish orange, white, and green flashing lights over Silver Spring, MD. An object with green, white and yellowish orange lights was slowing moving up, then forward, then down.  It then stayed in place for over ten minutes, moving a little to left every so often."
"Bright light flying accross the sky at speeds approx. 50 times that of an aircraft My daughter and I heard a loud thunderous sound we looked up and noticed a flashing bright light in the southern sky traveling a high speed approximately 50 times that of an aircraft traveling from west to east, we watched this for approximately 2 minutes it then turned an proceeded north for approximately 1 minute and then disappeared, we searched the sky for about 10 seconds only to see it reappear south where it began its journey north from its west to east travels it then continued south until out of site."
"Intermittant streak by moon, not seen on photo taken 10 seconds earlier. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  Witness provides a very nice photo, which shows an intermittent, white contrail-like trail across a clear blue sky, just one Moon diameter to the left of a crescent Moon.  Our suspicion is that it was a contrail behind a jet fighter, or perhaps the trail behind a meteor.  We suspect the former, given the intermittent nature of the streak.  PD))"
"it was right above the tree line me and my fiance were driving down a county road and she said waht is that i said moonlight as i looked closer i was shocked to see an ufo it was a disc- like object with a moderete lighting to it and was moving very rapidly at a vertical angel and then vanished"
"My mother and I have witnessed an M-shaped blinking red lights which lasted for almost 15 seconds. This happened in Bakersfield California.  I went to the bathroom and came outside and I was looking at the stars and before I saw it I was thinking about UFO\u2019s and my mom was in the car talking on the phone and I looked up and the next thing you know I see the M shaped craft with red lights on but I didn\u2019t see the body of the craft only the lights making the letter M it was hovering in the sky over our place the craft was the same color as the sky and I yelled out to my mom to look and she said what and then she saw it right there hovering with the lights turning on and off,it lasted almost 15 seconds."
"three bright orange lights that made a perfect triangle - very large - moved to the East , no noise at all saw two brilliant orange lights that seemed to be moving together , then noticed a third light that made the triangle. I had earlier thought what a great night to see stars , not a cloud in the sky , but realized no stars within the lights . it moved slowly to the east and as it moved stars would show up , I couldn't see an object but something was between those lights! Gone in less than a minute. Can't begin to think how big this must have been. wish my brain would stop thinking about it and let me sleep."
"3 Triangular shaped crafts were seen hovering over the tree tops, under a 1st Phase Moon, then disappearing after 60 seconds. Date:  November 7, 2016.   Approximate Time:  Between 6:55 and 7:00 pm   Location: Snohomish, WA  Latitude and Longitude:  Will be submitted in hardcopy report  Night Sky:  Clear with a First Phase Moon    MY IMPRESSION: I was driving my grandchildren home on November 7, 2016, approximately 7:00 pm.  As I turned onto their street, I was mesmerized and held captive by what I saw and told the children to look up in the sky.  My 8 year old grandson exclaimed, \u201cNonna, what is that?\u201d  I said it looks like some kind of UFO craft?   I slowed the car down and then stopped to view and it just seemed to drop or disappear below the tree line.   I quickly put the car in reverse to see if my position was the reason I could no longer see, but the objects were gone, no lights could be seen between the trees or in the night sky anywhere ~ they disappeared as quickly as they appeared.  As I pulled into my son\u2019s driveway I told my grandson to go get his father while I unpacked the car all the while my 5 year old granddaughter was crying as she was frightened.  When my son came out of the house and we both heard and saw a very loud helicopter across the Valley in the vicinity of Harvey Air Field. It took a couple of days to process everything, but I did write everything down and attempted a crude drawing.  I knew I had to investigate further before submitting a report and contacted Harvey Air Field to have them check their Manifest to see if any helicopters were in the air around 7:00 pm on November 7th.  There were no helicopters at that time in the air - DEAD END. Later that day, I learned that there was in fact a helicopter in that vicinity and that they were doing Military Maneuvers. RECONSTRUCTING THE SIGHTING In an attempt now to reconstruct the shape and dimension of the crafts (I\u2019ll  describe as objects for the time being), I first drew a large triangle and then at each of the three points I drew triangles - three equilateral as well as equidistant shaped triangles. Each triangular object was lit up with bright white lights that appeared to run along vertical lines moving upward to the top of the triangle which had pink or red lights at the base. The night sky was clear and the objects were illuminated by an unusually bright half moon.  Later, I looked up to see if there was in fact a half moon and learned it was a First Quarter Moon. There was no sound whatsoever and the objects seemed very close.  I don\u2019t have the ability or science background to be able to report the exact size of the objects in relation to the planets and to the moon, but I know without a shadow of a doubt that what I saw were not planets or stars. When one sees planets and stars in the night sky they appear as tiny white dots, but what we saw were distinct objects \u2018up close and personal\u2019  as they say, clearly illuminated by the brightly lit moon. FINAL IMPRESSION:  The entire occurrence lasted no more than a minute, but something else occurred that has taken time for me to process as it defies logic.  As the objects seemed to drop below the tree line and disappear, it was at this point that I briefly took my eyes off the area to put my car in reverse and that is when I had a most unusual experience when I turned back around.  I will attempt to describe. I had the impression that the objects had not disappeared but were closer, or becoming larger, and passing overhead as I could see that the center area between the three triangular points was black, darker than the night sky, and all the lights were either dimmed or turned off ~ but I could see an outline.  It  was at this point that I knew that the triangular objects I saw were not three separate objects, but one large CRAFT.   It was gone with a blink of an eye, certainly a subjective experience and difficult to describe, but it was nonetheless my experience. ARTIST RENDERING I have an artist's drawing which I would like to submit, but I'm  unable to cut n' paste the digital picture into this document.  Please advise what formatting I should use. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness on at least two occasions, and we found her to be quite eloquent and seemingly serious-minded.  We suspect she is a very reliable, and capable, witness.  PD))"
"The three objects seen in the sky from my back yard in rural Texas. At 22:20 on October 24, 2008 Three(3) objects spotted in upper stratosphere directly EAST of Princeton, Texas in Collin County. The three objects rotated COUNTER CLOCKWISE first flashing all at the same time(independent event lasting 10 minutes), as rotation slowed and spread the three individual object flashed INDEPENDANTLY of each other. (independent event lasting 5 minutes). After spreading apart the point pointing EAST flashed very brightly and moved to form SINGLE line with the other 2 flashing points (independent event lasting 5 minutes). After this episode the 2 flashing end points moved to complete another triangular formation (one moving west the other moving south, event lasting another 5 minutes) all objects continued random bright flashing . Object then ceased flashing  but shone a continuous light the objects then  spun very quickly(counter clockwise) and coming together with a very bright flash and the disappeared.  Total occurrence lasted approximately thirty(30) minutes. The color of the flashes ranged from deep red to bright white.  During this episode my two dogs acted very peculiarly whining and crying and rubbing their head upon the ground(as if they could hear something I could not). I was unable to look away as this events were taking place. Knowing only what the dogs were doing by what I heard."
"Orange orbs in triangle formaton spotted slightly after 2012 new years countdown. While me and my friends were leaving the 2012 countdown downtown Barrie we made it about 5-10 minutes away when we had to urinate. Since there were no open public bathrooms around, we decided to go by a field off the side of the road. While urinating, i was staring at the sky when i noticed 3 glowing orange orbs in the sky.  I kept staring for a few seconds and noticed that they were moving about while staying in a triangle formation. The lead orb moved slighty farther ahead and than would slow for the others to 'catch up' as it seemed. After noticing what i was seeing, i pulled out my phone and took a 2 minute video which captured the orbs moving from one side of the horizon to the other (east - west) withing the 2 minutes.  I also managed to snap a picture of them to."
"We were flying North on Alaska Airlines to Seattle. A couple passenger jets had passed us a few miles away going South.  I was looking at the cumulous clouds near the Sierra Nevada to the East of my window.  I saw what I thought was another jet airliner going South, and I squinted to see wings but I could see none.  I also thought it was strange that it headed for a cumulous cloud and went right into it instead of flying around it as all the other planes did.  I looked for a minute or so to see if it would emerge from the other side of the cloud, but it never emerged.  I have no explanation for what I saw."
"Orange light moving slowly then hovered then faded to pin sized dot and headed West. Orange Orb traveling slowly from South into Eugene area then stopped hovered for about 15 seconds and then faded out to pin sized white dot then moved toward South West and lost sight, no sound heard. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Turquoise light turns crimson red. Bright turquoise colored object west of Jefferson City.  Ran inside to get camera.   Object appeared to be getting closer and was under the low cloud ceiling.  Object then headed to the south.    Object changed from the turquoise color to a crimson red as it passed- it flickered between the colors once.    Took video, until I could no longer see it.    I\u2019m at a lower elevation- this should have continued to be visible over Missouri. (I can provide Vimeo link to video if you need it )"
"I have already sent a report on this, but wanted to mention a mistake I made. The object I seen was SSW. Would of there been possibly a star in this area? I was looking directly South. The moon was out and this object was was about halfway between the horizon and the moon and about 15 degrees to the right. Excatly where the MTKA sighting was on the same date. Not that I was seeing the same object. But it was really something to see. If anyone could just give me friendly email to let me know, it would be very much appreciated. I Have always been very interested in UFO's ever since as a child at the age of about 13 me and about 6 other kids were out in a swampy area in Minnetonka, where I grew up. We used to go out in the cat tails and and pat down a circle and hang out together. One evening it was getting dark, and we all decided that we should probably get going. We all stood up and, when one of my friends looked up and said hey look at that! I looked up and to my surprise was three star looking objects in a triangle. the wierd thing is that this tringle of three star looking objects were so high up that they looked to be up in space, and also that they were moving at a slight angle straight up into space. As far away as they were ( if you held out a marble in your fingers that's about how spaced they were), the triangle had to be so far apart I can't even begin wonder how far apart they were to make that triangle. They just kept moving almost staight up into space tell we couldn't see them. This all happenend in a matter of about 20 to 30 seconds. Very impressive. I hope I am not wasting your time, but after seeing that I have always been very interested. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large triangular with lights in a \"V\" shape. The date above is not accurate. Back between may '88 & july '89, I saw a UFO in CT.  It was a LARGE triangular one with lights.  Moved rather slowly, I'd say 40mph if that over Bridgeport CT.  Fact is I was a cop at the time on duty.  Sitting on the booking entry roof making out my end of shift reports & killing 20 min as shift was ending when I spotted this large thing heading almost directly towards me.  While looking at it & realizing it was nothing I ever saw before, I radio'd in my car number ID & said, \"Any reports of a UFO coming in now\"?  Then the dispatchers mic keyed in & I can hear about a dozen call takers in the background, laughing, when the dispatcher says \"Not until you\"!  I said, \"well, I am looking directly at one now\"!  Again, the dispatcher keyed his mic & there was a bunch of background laughter \"where is it?\"  I said \"Im on the booking roof, get out of the basement (of City Hall where dispatch was) & lo! ok to your right, HURRY and you will see it!\"  So I walked down the ramp as my PD building hid city hall from my view & saw them all coming out to see.  It had to be about 11:15 pm or 11:45pm, cant recall if I was on early or late shift.  By that, I mean so at any given time, there's at least half the cars patrolling, so one shift ends at 11:30, the next 2nd shift ends at 12:00am. So they all came out & were in awe at the size of it.  I radio'd the dispatcher to ask to call the airport as that was about 3-5 miles away and it was heading in that direction & should have had that on radar although this was less than 1,000 feet off the ground.  I don't know what height they pick things up.  Dispatcher said airport says cant see it, nothing on radar.  Within 20 minutes, it was out of sight, but appeared to turn to head in another direction, as if an angle of a triangle, not a U-turn, back towards heading North(?) towards Massachusettes (55 miles away).  I later saw a friend & she too saw it above Stratford. Next day read in the paper that it was spotted up the Hudson river if I recall right. Later over the years watching UFO series documentarys, I believe I saw one that was in Europe that looked like what I saw.  This was huge, I'd say like a football field size at least, even at that height & distance away, less than a half a mile. It was a huge thing, about the size of a football field I'd say, with 6 or 8 lights in a \"V\" shape.  There still may be people that work in the complaint bureau or can be easily located to verify this incident I witnessed even though 30 years ago.  With the internet now, it has piqued my interest especially having seen a show recently that showed what I saw. I'm only stating this now as over the years seeing the shows & documentarys, I believe I saw an episode where one was spotted if I recall right, in Europe like the one I saw, but think that was early 90's."
"Summer 1965 it appeared silver disc shaped disappeared while staring at it. I can\u2019t work a word processor.  I\u2019m a grandma.  It went by and disappeared no sound no lights, very fast. I was 13 yrs old and swear it was true then.  Can not forget it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Narrow, long object with 3 green lights (top row), 3 red lights (bottom row). Statement 1st person: On March 20, 2014 at approximately 8:00 pm, I saw a UFO in Jordan, Minnesota.  I saw it with my mom and dad.  My mom and dad were watching TV when my mom spotted something in the sky.  She called me over and we looked.  The UFO was towards the East, and it was a little lower than a normal plane would fly.  It was a circular disk with three green lights and three red lights in a row.  It was about the size of 1/3 of the moon. The lights were three times the size of an airplane\u2019s lights.  It hovered up, down, back and forth in a strange routine.  It stayed there for about 20 seconds, hovering in different positions.  When it left, it looked as if it was diving.  It was lowering away slowly, but then dashed away very quickly before it disappeared from our point of view.  It looked like it lowered behind the house across the street, yet I felt it was miles away. Statement 2nd person: I live in Jordan, MN. On March 20, 2014, approximately 8:00 pm, my wife and I were in our family room watching TV.  I had just gotten up from the couch and was walking to the kitchen when my wife yelled, \"Look at this!\"  I turned and noticed she was looking out our windows toward the East.  I looked immediately out our dining room patio door also towards the East.  What I saw was three very bright green lights and next to that three red lights.  All were very intense, and the object seemed to be suspended.  The object was approx. 20 degrees above my plane of vision and appeared to be very close, like it was in the neighboring development just above the house that is across the pond in our backyard.   But it wasn\u2019t close, I would say the object was 1/3 the size of a full moon from my perspective. As I watched it, it tilted slightly, then dipped only to come back to the same level it had been at.  This happened a few times, all the while those 3 green and 3 red lights were extremely bright, I would say 3 to 4 times the size of a landing light on a plane, and by the way, I am a private pilot, licensed since 1996, so I am familiar with airplanes and what they look like in the sky, this was no airplane.  One of the times it tilted and dipped, I saw what appeared as a circular gray shadow underneath the lights, also there was a red flashing light underneath.  This whole thing lasted maybe 20 seconds. The last thing I saw was the lights fell away to the right and continued until they were out of sight, blocked by the house behind ours.  The rate at which it descended was smooth and very quick.  Our house is approx 30 miles South West of MSP airport, and we always have airplane traffic visible to the East on a SW heading, again, I am use to seeing the rate at which they pass by our house while they are climbing to altitude.  The object moved down and away at a rate at least 5 times that speed. Statement 3rd person:  I live in Jordan, Minnesota; approximately 35 miles Southwest from Minneapolis. I often look out our Living Room windows facing East to watch the planes from the MSP airport fly past our home.  Tonight, March 20th, 2014, at dusk, I looked out the window and about 200 yards away, above our neighbor\u2019s house I saw an object hovering in the air with extremely bright lights.  The long, horizontal shape had a top layer of three greenish-blue lights and a bottom layer of three red lights.  My husband, also curious about these lights, opened the patio door to listen for sound.  I thought as close as this thing looked to our neighbor\u2019s house, we should be able to hear it; but it was quiet. To help you gauge the size; If you hold your arm out straight and flex your hand, (palm away), the size of each light was comparable to a pinky fingernail.  Then, your arm still stretched, tuck your thumb and pinky finger into the palm of your hand and the width of this object in the sky would be comparable to your three middle fingers held tight together. The object would move a little to the left/downward and then be steady, it moved like this a few times.  The next movement convinced me these lights were not a standard item you see in the sky.  If you can imagine the shape of a banana, the lights tilted and dipped in an arch shape movement and then hovered again at a lower level in the sky. This movement was extremely abrupt, then steady.  The object then glided swiftly at an angle (downward) and we lost sight of it behind the neighbors house.  We saw these lights in the sky for about 20-25 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with two of the three witnesses, and they sounded to us to be exceptiongally eloquent and sober-minded.  We suspect that all of the witnesses are exceptionally capable, and have reported here quite accurately.  PD))"
"Meeker, Colorado, Football Shaped UFO on Video While eating at an outside restaurant, my son, an upperclassman at the United States Air Force Academy, my daughter, my wife, and two others, witnessed a football shaped object with what appeared to be tentacles coming from it moving slowly at first.  Then, the object's lights turned off, and the elliptical shape became evident and rolled very quickly out of sight like a football rolling end to end.  The video shows some of the encounter.  Police and MUFON notified.  MUFON said the event was indeed a UFO.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yj4uWhoDWFE"
"silent, pulsating, and maneuvering red light in early evening sky On evening walk as sunset occurred and saw bright pulsating orange/red light above treeline to my right.  I ran to a clearing and watched the light apparently climb and then arc towards the SE and then slow down, almost to a standstill - with absolutely no noise.  A commercial jet came into the field of view moving from North to South, with normal red and white navigation lights visible and with normal jet noise, and was at a lower altitude than pulsating light.  The light then continued off into the southern/southeastern sky until it was no longer visible.  So, no incredible speeds, but definitely and unusual brightness and pulsation to the light, and absolutely no sound. My first thoughts were a drone of some kind, but it seemed too high and moved too far for a recreational drone.   Also, what I saw definitely sounds similar to what others in the area are describing recently on this board. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"At least 15 identical lights heading N/E on the same trajectory Clear sky, calm, looking northeast for meteors I noticed a formation in the the same line at about 30,000 feet. I watched for a minute then went inside to tell my girl friend to check them out. We watched about 8 more for another minute. They were about 1/4 mile apart traveling at the same speed a normal jetliner would be doing. No sound was heard like a normal jet at this altitude."
"Extremly loud, clear and strange sounds and a voice that NEVER could be of this world !!! CITY: OSLO, NORWAY   Late October 2008  Me and my x girlfriend were sitting in the living room and it was  late. It was silent in the room and we intended to go to bed. Suddenly the Television turnes one by itself and it became \"sandstorm\" on the screen. The room was filled with strange electronic sounds and with others sounds. The reverb told me that it came from a huge hall, like hundred soccer fields! I could hear it was that big, because some strange sounds came from as it was on the \"floor\" and the sounds where like when spit is released in the mouth!! I have heard those electronic sounds once before, and it was on a radio program that clamed it was the way the stomach sound when it has got food and work with the food.!!  The sounds where extremely loud, but also extremely clear, with an amazing sound quality.. I can tell because I have been working with music and sound studios. The sounds came from everywhere and not the best surround system in the world could make a surround like that. And the stereo in the living room could NEVER have made such a sound. Beside it had grounding problems so I would have heard the humming. BUT: Somewhere higher up in this huge room we then heard a voice. (male I guess) It sounded very demanding, and it spoke very slowly. But who can tell how many bits it came from the sinking and rising voice pr. Second?! The voice were very deep, and I can not explain, BUT the voice could never come from a human being!!  If I would guess it was a large entity , more than 7 foot tall !!  I would have kept it for my self, if I had been alone. I would have sayd that it was something in my brain, and nothing real. But two persons heard the same, and two persons can`t have the same hallucination!!  These ten seconds is for me my second  \"meeting\" with UFOs and ETs.  In my childhood my mother and father and five children saw five UFOs. It became headlines in local news, because other people had seen them as well, and UFO Norway took reports.  When they disappeared the speed was outstanding, and that\u2019s an understatement! This was around the mid 60s.  I now know that they were hanging over a certain mountain, because they were scrutinizing the NATO northern flanks radar facility in North Cape. I have heard that they are very interested in radars. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"I am camping on BLM land just North of Vegas at the road to Valley of fire. I heard a loud humming noise, and looked out my window and saw red lights flashing in the sky. About 300' to 500' above my RV rectangular shaped mass with red lights slowly floated by.I went outside the RV to watch it float by. I thought this might be a blimp but no blimp above the rectangle of red lights. I ran back into the RV to get my phone for a video. I shot two videos of the lights. The first also has the humming vibration in the audio. The humming noise did not match any airborne craft, plane, or helicopter I had ever heard. Plus it drifted very slowly. it was amazing how slow it could go and still stay elevated. I watched it as it floated towards the lights of Las Vegas along inter state 15 South. As it grew smaller 2 white lights which sounded like fighter jets went/chased in the same direction as the red flashing rectangle.Approx 8:55pm on 10/23/19"
"Witnessed an orange orb/light across the street from my house and in seconds, a human like greenish thing leaped into it and vanished. (Sorry this in all caps.) I LIVE IN NORTH SEATTLE, WA, AND I JUST WITNESSED A BRIGHT ORANGE ORB OR BALL ACROSS THE STREET FROM 24TH AVE NW AND 95TH AVE.  About 1:30 am.  I WALKED OUT TO HAVE A CIGARETTE, LOOKED TO MY RIGHT, SAW THE ORANGE LIGHT OBJECT AT ROOF LEVEL AND THEN AS I WATCHED, A STREAK OF A GREY/GREEN HUMAN SHAPE LEAPED INTO IT FROM THE SIDE AND THEN IT VANISHED.  I felt like something realized it was being watched so it stopped whatever it was doing. I HAVE SEEN UFO ACTIVITY IN THIS AREA, GOT SOME OF IT ON MY IPHONE 6S, BUT OF COURSE, IT'S NOT GOOD QUALITY.  I UPLOADED IT ON VIMEO, ((name deleted)) ON GOOGLE. Anyway, it has me shaken up.  I feel like I saw something, like a shooting or a kidnap, and I know that no one will believe me.  Since I'm the only witness to this.  Thank you."
"Very bright cool white lights, 5-7 moving in PERFECT formation - no visible connection. Multiple bright \u201ccool\u201d bluish white lights, all in a line \u2013 not sure how many, approx. five to seven \u2013 just a short window in which to view.   Initially thought it was from fireworks, but quickly became aware that the lights were moving in unison heading west towards sunset \u2013 it was still light enough in the western sky to see there was no visible structure between the lights \u2013 the lights were not connected and were moving forward in perfect unison. We were driving south on Laclede Station Road in Webster Groves, Mo \u2013a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri.  We tried to get to a better vantage point, but were not able to find them again.   We\u2019re not sure about the spacing of the lights.  They did not appear to blink or strobe.  No vapor trail or tail.  Could not determine sound because we were in a car.  The overall span approx. 600 ft."
"objects raised out of the east there were 2 bright orange lights that were chevron or circular in shape they were bright orange almost red in color and glowed with a white glow around them.they raised up from the east and headed across the sky to the south west I watched for 30 or 40 seconds and went to find my camera I went out again and they were still there I watched for another 30 seconds and went back to look for my camera agin when I came back outside they were out of sight . There was no noise at all....."
"Bright White Golden Sphere, craft hovering the ground, shooting straight up and then horizontally on Hwy 42 in New Mexico Driving from Highway 42  from Corona, NM, to Willard, NM.  There is a Dairy that sits to the left hand side.  At 05:23 on October 15, 2015, I noticed a very large, round bright light blinking in the agricultural field at the dairy.  It was very bright and blinking/flashing on and off. White and Golden were the colors of this round, bright, craft.   As I approached closer it lifted atraight up off the ground.  I remember watching it lift straight up and moving horizontally through my rearview and side mirrors on my vehicle. The craft lifted straight up from the ground and I estimated only 1000 feet above the ground.  It was still very dark out so it could have been higher.  The large round light craft began moving horizontally across moving towards Corona and the Geomerer Ranch where the windmills sit upon the mesa.  As I watched in my rear view mirror and side mirrors, the red lights on the windmills went out as the craft passed.  The craft was on the floor of the valley as the windmills are on the top of the mesa. I had a lost amount of time while watching this craft.  What normally takes me 3 minutes to the train tracks from this spot, took 14 minutes.  One minute I witnessed the light and the time, the next I was at the train tracks  and the time was 05:47.  Once I hit the train tracks, I could still see the craft hovering along the ground line towards Corona, then it lifted up and went up into the skyline where I lost sight of it. I noticed right away, that I did not feel well after the sighting.  I arrived at work and all day my stomach was upset, I had weird numbing sensations in my body."
"Pulsing Object Location:  Muncie Indiana Area:  Looking straight up in direction of south, area is in western sky at 2 o\u2019clock direction. Path:  North to South/South to North during event. Time:  Between 5 & 5:45 AM. Last Sighting:  8-22-2011   For the past several months, I have seen an object higher than any jet aircraft that moves slowly and very faint in the above location.  The object is about the brightness of \u00bd a jet aircraft illumination, no flashing lights. The object emits a flash of white light flash with varies in intensity.  On some occasions, it will only emit one bright flash then slowly vanish within 10 seconds.  In other sightings it will emit several bursts of white light not sequenced but erratic sometimes returning to original brightness and others it will dim and vanish within 30 seconds."
"Two flashing lights move together same direction and speed and then vanish I wanted to report a possible UFO sighting.  I had seen an exact same sighting just a few years ago.  This one has the exact same flashing, floating, vanishing lights.  The following is what happened tonight at about 9:10 p.m. May 17, 2016. I heard a bunch of sirens outside my apartment, so I looked out to see what was going on and what direction they were going in.  I live in a pretty big city and a bad section where there\u2019s always something going on.  I thought I had heard a car chase so that was what had me curious.  It was twilight and the sky was that beautiful mix of colors -of dark blue, light blue, green, yellow, and  then pink and red.  I saw two lights in the far distance rising up into the sky.  I could tell immediately that they were odd by the way they were moving and the way they looked.  They were floating at two different spots.  Blinking on and off.  Red all the time and the white was flashing.  I could tell they were on the horizon but not as far away as stars would be.  They were not planes.  They made no noise.  They flashed on and off, moving at the exact same speed and in the same direction as the other.  Then they simply faded, disappeared, vanished before my eyes.  Just like the ones in 2013.  I could not tell the shape.  All I saw was two lights moving and flashing at the same speed, vanished at the same time.  (I think it was 2013 when I went to Westcott Beach/Henderson Harbor/Sackett\u2019s Harbor in New York State.  We were camping and I saw a whole bunch of them floating across the sky.  They vanished before my eyes.)  It gave me a chilly, startling feeling.  I see airplanes all the time since I live in a highrise and there\u2019s an airport across the city.  These were NO airplanes."
"Strange light over Oakland during the day. I took my daughters to the park and laid in the sun enjoying the cool breeze looking at the party cloudy sky when I saw what I believed to be a chem. trail. That\u2019s what got me looking up in the first place. I then noticed a light traveling north. The color was orangish and seem to pulsate. It was traveling in the opposite direction of the wind, though  at different altitudes the wind could travel in another. I would say it was 15,000 to 20,000 feet high. The speed wasn\u2019t very fast.  I tried to get another park goer to see it but it went behind a passing cloud. The other party reported to me that he has noticed strange lights in the sky for the massed few months in the area as well."
"Smart Phone captures strange circular object in the sky Yesterday morning around 5:50 am on my to work at Kahala Mall In Honolulu Hawaii, I took a picture of the sun rise and what was in my picture has left me just about speechless.   I did not even notice the object while driving however when looking through the photos this morning I noticed what you will see here. Thank for your time let me know if you have any questions or have any idea what that may be. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible decal on windshield, we believe.  We have invited the source of the photo to check for an emblem or decal on the glass.  Printing seems to be evident in the middle of the decal, we observe.  PD))"
"Huge airplane shaped craft silently hovering very low and moving very slowly above highway. I was driving north on Route 93, and I saw a very low-flying, enormous structure that looked like an airplane, Except it was hovering low and moving very slow and it was totally silent.  It couldn't have been more then several hundred feet high and it was going about 10 mph, so there is no way it could have been an airplane.  The ship was probably 50-100 feet wide.  I saw the same type of UFO flying higher, very slowly, over Peterborough, New Hampshire, two days ago, also at about 9 PM.  One other witness saw that craft with me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 Flashing WHite Lights Over Sparta New Jersey, Changing Direction and Moving Very Fast At first it looked like it could have just been blinking lights from a plane. But the lights were moving WAY too fast to be a plane. We were staring out a window at them and they would blink and then totally show up in a different spot, they were moving incredibly fast. Also, just when you thought it was going straight it would change direction and go backwards or go left then right. It was as if the 2 lights were playing with eachother. We tried to think of what they could have been, but there's no way to explain how fast they were moving and how bright they were and how they changed direction. Also everything was totally silent, you couldn't hear anything. It also looked at one point that the object came down to tree level and dissapeared in the trees. It may have landed. but it was very far away, we couldn't tell at all. The next morning we told our neighbor he is a retired military officer at the local arsenal (Picatinny) and he told us he sees the lights all the time over the lake. And he cannot explain them, he knows of no secret tests at the base which is (about 25 miles away.) He pretty much had no idea what they were, he was just glad he's not crazy and other people have seen it too. Please if you experienced a similar sighting let me know, I'm really interested in this whole thing."
"a huge bright blue light with a huge white sphere appeared and dissapeared I saw an unusual small  plane with a red 30-40 foot thin light emitting from behind.  Suddenly I saw a bright blue streak followed by a large bright circular white light in the sky.  It must have been miles wide.  I took a pic with my cell phone.  The white light disappeared within a few minutes and the blue light remained a little longer before disappearing as well.  The small aircraft was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD))"
"The object moved from left to right. start and stop it did slow down just stopped. I was on my balcony as I am every night.  I happened to look up and see an orange ball of light.I watched it for about 15 seconds and I noticed it was moving very fast across the sky.   About 5-15 seconds later, the object just stopped.  As it moved, it went from orange to yellow to bright red.  It didn't slow don't it just stopped for about 5 sec. count... one one thousand 2 one thousand.  This is what all times are based off of.   Then it took off again and about 3-5 sec later it stopped for about 5 sec and did this about 4-5 time until it disappeared.  Off to the right.  No explosion or did it ever descend, it just disappeared.   Also I saw no blinking lights like an aircraft!   Look, if you are really reading this, I swear this is what I saw.  Very confusing to me!  Believe what you want but this was real.  Do I believe the are aliens from other world.  Yes, I would have to be an idiot not to believe.  Do I really believe in what I saw YES!  I will take a lie detector to! prove it!"
"UFO sighting in Ojai, CA in 1948 This is a historical UFO sighting report.  I am writing this down for my mother, who is now elderly.  She is a native of Ojai, California.   In 1948, she was working in the Ojai Valley as a waitress.  Her sister was also working at the same place.  On a summer evening in July, she and my aunt left work after 10 pm.  They drove in their car to a small hill looking in the direction of Los Angeles, towards southeast.  They parked the car and looked out at the bright stars and clear sky.  Suddenly, they saw all of these peculiar little white lights, more than a dozen of them, hovering and darting around in the sky.  They couldn\u2019t distinguish whether they were small and close, or large and far away.  They watched them for about 15 minutes.  They darted around in every direction, so fast they could barely tell whether it was up or down or which direction.  Then they disappeared, quite suddenly, as if they just blinked out.  Three or four days later, mom returned to the same spot, with another friend, and they both observed the lights again, spinning and darting around above the Black Mountain area.  It was still very difficult to tell distance or size.  They appeared to be round, similar in brightness to the stars.  Mom says if they hadn\u2019t moved, they would have thought they were stars. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Super Bright impulse Round Green Light Over Downtown Brampton Area. Explosive round impulse light, medium green in color, straight up overhead and stationary.  As green light expanded and impulsed at its maximum brightness, green light completely vanished and never returned visible again after that point.  We watch the spot for quite awhile after in knowing that the craft wasn't moving."
"3 seperate sightings in one night A line of 3 colored lights (green, blue, and red) traveling south in a vertical formation, changed into a triangle shape (still traveling south) followed by 4 sets of two vertical white lights.  The collection spread out, changed from lines and triangles and into an almost  snakelike shape slithering across the sky, the lights flowed together as one massive looking spineless serpant slithering left and right across the sky.  The space inbetween the lights were darker than the sky and made the stars it passed over shaded or not as bright.  The lights turned east and all of the colored lights turned white and spread into different directions.  Less than 5 minutes later, another 3 vertical lights (red, green, and white) (moving much slower than the first set) shifted into a triangular shape heading south.  The shape looked like it started sputtering, then turned onto it's side.  I could then see it wasn't just a flat object there was a distinct thickness to it.  It stayed sideways for about 45 seconds then flipped back and 2 of the lights went out.  The last light went out as the object flew between 2 stars and disappeared.  The last object i saw was circular, traveling north, the front of it was covered in multiple different colored flashing lights with no lights visible on the base.  As the object flew over me, it turned face down with the multicoloured flashing lights staring down at me. I could see layers of different colors flashing in front of and behind one another.  Once the object passed me the front faced back up and North.  Again no lights visible from the bottom.  No lights visible from the back until the object was 1 maybe 2 miles away.  There were 2 orange lights, one on the left and one in the right.  Throughout this whole experience there was no sound made by any of the lights or objects I saw."
"Yes, I witnessed this craft while in a McDonald's drive thru  it hovered approx three minutes before shooting straight up in what seemed like a second  I got a perfect picture of this craft all white lights no colored I'm sending a picture if u could let me know what the hell this thing is I'd be much obliged seriously I've seen the triangle craft numerous times while driving home late from work a few yrs ago with what had appeared to be beams coming out of it or some light source but never one of these type if this thing is real plz let me know thank u"
"Bright red/orange lights in the greater Las Vegas area At sunset, I was sitting outside enjoying the evening and when I looked up I saw a very bright orange almost red light in the sky north of Boulder City, NV. At first I thought it might be a very strange colored bright red star and thought that would be odd since I had never seen anything like it.  Then it started to move north slowly (maybe 2 or 3 minute duration).  I think it blinked a few times before fading completely. Then I noticed another traveling a lot faster from west to east but was only able to watch it for several seconds before that one dimmed and faded. I looked hard to see if this was a refection from the sun off of a couple of planes, but I could see nothing at all in the exact area after they faded. I did notice after the second light faded, further east, my eyes caught a black/dark object in the sky with no lights on and it was cigar shaped.  Could have been a plane but I didn't hear any noise from it or see lights. All these objects seemed to be very high up but I am not a good judge of distance. I didn't think much of it with all the hoaxes around but it certainly was entertaining for the time being.  It certainly was unidentified to me!"
"7 or 8 dark shadows with green lights outlining a triangle 7 or 8 dark shadow crafts with faint green lights outlining a triangle. It were hard to see at first but when we noticed one it was easy to see the other ones.  They appeared to be heading from the East to West park of Vancouver and fly a figure eight pattern.  They would repeat the pattern time and time again then fly back east and replaced by another set.  My neighbour tells me he has been watching them since December, 2012.  After about 8 minutes we noticed they would all stand still and project a fan like laser that fanned right to left for 2 minutes then continue flying their pattern."
"Two U.F.O's were over the airshow and commerial flight path, like they were watching at high altitude. we were at the Winston-Salem 100Th airshow watching stunt planes, me and my son both had 10 x50 binoculars and noticed the commerical flights in the air space above the show,while looking thur my binocular's I saw a metalic flash above the airliner so high that the object was only visable as the sunlight flashed off its surface ,  my son soon saw the same object and another one to its left which slowly circled the more or less stationary object I had been observing i would estimate there altitude at 60000 feet no shape(no wings or plane shape) was seen but we watched them for about 10 minutes or more, and then they were just gone . ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Two smoothly gliding, glowing orange orbs over Bothell, WA, with photograph. Animated movie from prior sighting of 1997. We call this event \"The July Orb\" because we have witnessed this twice before, all in July. The event this year, 2010, was over Bothell, WA.  An orange, glowing orb silently and smoothly cruised from North to South in the same way a satellite would move, but was only as high up as a helicopter would fly. Myself, two other adults and two children also saw it. My camera was at the ready to photograph our fireworks and to pause light in the sky, and I was able to take a photograph!  The camera zoom is a 12x.  While the photo shows a tail, this is only due to the shutter being open as the orb moved.   The falling tail in the photo is due to me trying to find it to focus. Perhaps someone can figure out the size of this orb and it's speed based on these details!  Our neighbor came by and as I showed him the picture and explained what we saw he asked \"Do you mean like THAT!?\" Pointing up, there was the same thing, moving in the same direction. HISTORY Event 1: I first saw this same orb over Bothell WA, July 1997, and called Mr. Davenport to report it. I was so amazed that I created an animated version because it was hard for others to believe there was no other way to describe it other than a mystery object.  It also moved North to South, slowing and silently gliding.  However, the object was closer than the described 2010 event as I could see it pass behind trees in front of me. Event 2: July 2009, Couer D'Alene Idaho, 11 or 12 pm. My husband and my sister witnessed this same orb while sitting on the dock (south and west end of the lake).  However, it raised vertically from behind a home on the same cove about 6 or 7 houses south, or the trees behind it.  It glided silently and smoothly up, then past them and over the lake and then just disappeared.  The next day they went door to door hoping others had seen this, but no one had."
"Four star-like lights fixed single file moving deliberate, smooth, silent, and racing across the DELMARVA Peninsula. On the night of the 11th, my husband and I were returning from town. Our home is rural (dead center of the DELMARVA Peninsula) with a perfect night sky for star watching, which I do regularly. I stepped out of my truck on the west side facing the Chesapeake Bay. While looking out and upward, I thought I identified Orion\u2019s belt, but I quickly realized that is was 4 stars not 3 and the rest of his body was missing. I looked to the east towards the moon and identified a bright star to its bottom left. I looked back at the 4 stars and realized they were moving. The lights appeared to be far above plane altitudes as there were multiple planes flying in different directions at different altitudes (normal activity). The planes were obvious by their running lights. Additionally, there is a great deal of government activity, regularly, so planes and the associated noise are normal. I began to yell to my husband to \u201clook, look, what is that?\u201d Immediately, in my heart,! I knew it was not earthly. At first, I thought the \u201cstar-like lights\u201d were horizontal beside each other, but then I realized they were moving single file, one behind the other. Most important to their movement was the distance between them never wavered. It was if they were connected somehow by material or an unseen force. The first two were closer to one another, and then the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th light were evenly distributed. My first thought on their movement was how the animation of Santa sailing across the sky moves\u2026deliberate, smooth, silent, racing. It was like the lights were a train with an engine car and then individual cars. I was mad at myself for not having my phone, which I had noted earlier when I missed the beaver moon shot on the way to town. I wanted to run to the house to get it, but I was afraid of missing any of this event. The lights appeared to be moving from the south west on a curve directly towards and over our farm. As they moved closer, I ran to th! e house through the west side door, grabbed the phone, and hea! ded out the south side door (mere seconds). I fumbled to get the recorder going as I continued to watch the event unfold. The 4 lights continued what seemed like a curve and headed south east. As they trailed away, I could only see the last light because of their single file position. The video is terrible. I hold a PhD in Public Policy, and we are the largest free-range egg farm in Maryland."
"Butte, Montana May 2002:  A star appears to move, and is destroyed by some sort of missile or kamikazee spaceship. \tMy friends and I, were hanging out in one of the friend's yard talking and trying to find satelites and such.  I was looking up and I swore I saw (what I thought was a typically star), moving left and right just enough to notice it. It wasn't flashing like stars do, it was solid.  And as far as I knew only planets did that.  So I thought it was a planet, but something seemed to make me second guess it.  I leveled my hand with it vertically to a nearby star.  The object went in and out of view from behind my hand.  I started to ask them (my friends) if they saw it as well, and one of my friends said and I'm quoting \"Do you see that star?  It's F***ing moving man!\". \tWe continued watching it go back and forth for several minutes.  I saw a \"satelite\" and pointed it out.  It was going in the direction of the object, off at 30 degree or so.  It continued until it passed the object on the left side.  It started to go around in a large circle until it was on level with the object, and TURNED  45 degrees heading directly at it. \tWe were all watching it with anticipation of what was happening and freaked out.  What happened next is what got us.  It hit on the right side and a flash or spark went shotting out the left side at about 3 times the speed.  When it hit we all said some exclamations.  Both objects were gone.  Since that day I've always believed that extraterrestials have been here for the blip of an existence we've had.  And I'm pretty sure my friends are the same way. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Egg/Saucer over Los Angeles I was driving East down El Segundo Blvd., as I approached Wilmington Ave, I noticed in the North-East direction an amber/peach colored egg shaped object rotating and hovering with a white blinking light at the top of the object.  The object appeared to tack through the air in a south easterly direction; it would vertically float down in a straight line, and move up-wards at about a 35 degree angle to move through the air.  Out of shock, I disregarded where I needed to go, and proceeded past Wilmington Ave to follow the object.   Out of fear as I neared Willowbrook Ave I discontinued following the object (ironically not one person was outside).  The object eventually fell out of site and appeared to land in an industrial part of Compton in a South-Easterly direction near what I would approximate to be east of Santa Fe & Alameda.  This is when it gets really strange.  I was initially going to church for a \u201cnew couples\u201d marriage counseling session, so I turned around ! with my wife, proceeded West on El Segundo Blvd, headed South on Wilmington Ave, made it to church and proceeded with the counseling session.  About 1 hour later as we exited the church I excitedly informed the pastor as to what I observed, crouched down only to notice the object outside of the church to the north, hovering and rotating behind a tree.  At this point I got in my car and drove home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"saw a bright light shape like a circle on top of a rectangle, flashes and dissapears. Driving northbound on 52, going to Rochester city limit, we saw a light shaped like a green circle on top of a yellow horizontal rectangle.  Then there was a bright flash and it vanish."
"Strange black object over Newtown, PA. I managed to video tape a strange black object on my way home from work.  I live near an airport and see airplanes fly overhead all the time.  This was no airplane, it moved slow as if it were surveying the area.  By the time I could pull over to get a good shot, it was way in the distance.   It was hard to define its shape, but it was dark in color."
"Fluorescent red perfect circles going west to east and zero sound, three were seen. Four fluorescent red circles in a perfect line going west to east, and zero sound gone within minutes."
"A co-worker and myself, approximately 02:30 a.m. on lunch break...saw a green fireball, with a bright yellowish-center, and a white tail, falling in a diagonal direction \\\\\\\\\\ straight to the ground, I'd guess less than a mile, right behind a small ridge in the landscape in front of us\u2026 we both said \"you saw that, right...?\"   We BOTH got goosebumps, and I still do when I think about it, cause I know what I saw and I knew my co worker saw it too\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor, we suspect.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"As I looked outside to do a weather observation prior to my hourly report,I saw this brilliant light I thought at first was a star, but much brighter.. the light intensity diminished to nothing in about ten seconds. The light did not appear to be moving. Subsequent calls on all used frequencies for aircraft in the vicinity were made with no response. I noted the direction as 160 degrees and elevation as near as possible of 30 degrees."
"On the way to work I noticed what looked alot like a band of meterites falling onto the earth but with the exception that they were flying horizonaly there were a couple of brite lites and streams that may have came from the lites. The objects or object was flying from the north and traveling south, no sound noticed with travel of object and was traveling very fast then everything vanished. I have seen stuff fall into the earth but nothing like this. whatever this was got me excited, this is one is for the x files."
"15 purple lights quikly change formation before vanishing. About 15 purple lights that changed formation 3 times before they disapeared.  I was walking home from school one day when I decided to look at the sky for a moment. It was a cloudy day and the clouds were very dark. I couldnt belive my eyes. I saw about 15 bright purple lights moving very fast from the east to west. I guess maybe 600 mph. They were very high, just below the clouds and were in \"c\" formation for about 5 seconds. Then they made u turn and flew right over me. I expected hear a noise like a sonic boom or some thing but there was no sound. And when they turned around, they seemed to change formation at the same time and they seemed to merge together into one large bright light. This light seemed to change colors very rapidly. But as soon as they merged, they broke off into about 20 lights. They all turned to back to the original color purple when they lined up side by side. All that happened in about 5 seconds before they were suddenly engulfed by a bright blue light that came out of no where and the light slowly faded. It was completly gone after about a minute and the lights had gone with it. But the area in the clouds where they had been looked like it was glowing a purple-green color and looked like it was radiating some kind of plasma. But it only lasted a few seconds. I looked around to see if anyone else had seen it but I was the only one who had seen it. I drew a sequnce of pictures that depicted what I saw. I was to nervous to tell anyone about till now. I hope that explanes every thing. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"Fighter Jets Chasing objects in the night sky At about 11 pm that evening I noticed what sounded like a very loud barritone instument,  shortly after that I heard what sounded like fighter jets flying around all over the place and police cars racing around with there sirens blarring. My friend and I walked outside of the house to see what all the commotion was about and thats when we noticed several objects in the sky, some where stationary but there were a few that were moving at incredible speeds high up in the sky, the thing that really freaked me out was how quickly these crafts could change the direction they were traveling in. Although the crafts appeard to be oval in shape with Intense bright lights, one craft was definitly triangular with colorful lights at each peak of the angles. My friend and roomate (who is definitly a non believer) could not come up with an explinition was taken back the entire event."
"Big,  round , with lights,  but no sound,  moving slow, father - grandfather - uncle - me  standing outside one nite in the driveway about 9 pm. father said look up, what is that, we all looked up, something round about 2-3 times higher than the trees was moving over, it had lights on it, no sound if you was not looking up  then you would not have known it was there, I was too ? to chase it on foot, if I had a 30-06 with a big clip we would have a real ufo now maybe. I aways thought why would ufos need lights on it, but it was a real ufo. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD))"
"2/21/08 Converse, In   Lights  75 min   2 sets of 3 lights over country field viewed from car We were driving on a state road heading West when two sets of three lights appreared in the sky to our right. We slowed down to look and they went off. We continued to watch in that direction and they appeared again and pulsated on and off, they had a soft gold glow. We then noticed a jet flying fast from a nearby air base, directly to where the lights had been. The jet then continued to circle the area before he flew off. We then turned North on another state road to try and see more. Sure enough the two sets of three lights came on again in a different area in the night sky. Again the jet came flying in and the lights went off. We set out in the country for another 30 minutes hoping for another sighting and saw just one set of lights,they pulseatedand then went off and that was it.Although we stayed out in the country for awhile we finally gave up reluctantly and went home. This happened on Feb. 21, 2008 at 8:06 p.m."
"On AA flight 2249 from DFW to John Wayne Airport I noticed a very bright light to the right of the aircraft as it was approaching the CA border.  It appeared to be perhaps a couple of miles from the plane.   It flew alongside our aircraft--then another bright light appeared by the original.  After approx. 20 minutes, the 2 lights became dimmer then sped away the plane at a very high rate of speed.   I took 2 photos of the object (before the 2nd one appeared)  These will be emailed---"
"UFO checks out abnormal heat source,thinking it could be a heat vent. It was a cool clear nigh in January.My girlfriend and I were just about to go in our hot tub,when I looked up and said,\"look a falling star!\"Then it changed direction.It was comming strait at us.I said \" look it looks like its comming strait for us.\"Thinking it would crash somewhere near!As it got very close I started to get scared!Then all af a sudden it was just there! 40 feet directly above us!!!Just hovering,barely even making any noise,just a very faint humming,just enough so that I knew it was real!Then a super highly intence beam of light came on.Shining straight up!I thought that was odd.Then the light started to rotate around the craft until it was shinning directly on us!The light was so bright that I could see the dust particals in the air,and it was january!!Just after a snow fall!I looked down in the tub and I could see through the bubbles like they werent even there,and the tub was on!!The heater was stuck on and the temp was 110,so we couldnt get in right away,so i was standing in the tub,my girlfriend was outside of the tub just ready to get in.All i could say was \"you see this right!!\"over and over.The light was so bright that it almost seemed to freeze time.I know that sounds wierd but its the only way i can describe it.The craft was a dark color almost grey and a sort of dimond shape.Then I thought to go and get the video cam,it was just inside the house!But it was like they knew what I was thinking,because the light when off,rotated back to the top of the craft.Then as fast as it came,it streaked away!Gone leaving us in shock!I've kept this story to myself until I saw your site.I think they were investigating the heat source of above normal,when they got there,what do you know,two naked specamens , scaned us and split before we coud even move!"
"In the night sky three witnesses saw a conical beam of light with a starting point that was round and white. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD))  My husband and I were finished shopping at Trader Joe's in Huntington Beach, CA, at 6:05 p.m.  I was climbing into the passenger seat of our car and happened to look up in the dark night sky above the store.  It had been a clear sky during the day, no clouds.  What my husband, another lady shopper, and I saw looked like a beam of white light in the shape of a wide cone emanating from a point of origin.  When I first looked the point was bright and round, but later it seemed to disappear, but the cone of light remained, there was no sound.  My husband and I were saying to each other, \"What is that?  What is that?\"  Slowly the cone of light, which was originally  quite wide began to diminish in light and faded away until all that was left was a very weak dusting of light.  After it faded out we turned and saw a lady shopper who said, \"We just shared something, but I don't know what it was.\"  We drove home, which took about 5 minutes and I l! ooked into the sky at that spot and there was still a dusting of light, very faint."
"Car lights in the sky passing over the highway from Wellington, Ks. Two lights passing over the car on a highway between Wellington and Haysville.  The lights were large and appeared to have a grid pattern and were spaced like car headlights.  It moved slowly from west to east.  One person thought they had seen  a red tail light.  I did not see the red light.  We drove on after a brief stop.  I could only see the lights."
"2 bright orange lights seen in sky.  Emitting sparks. 5/14/07 17:30 Visalia, CA Two bright orange spots moving nw to se across sky above Visalia, CA.  Light brightened and dimmed, sparks could be seen emitting from both objects falling below object.  No sound at all.  Movement neither rapid nor fast, moved across entire visible sky in 5 minute period.  First object dimmed and disappeared, second object moved beyond visual range to se.  We did get video of second object."
"Orange fireball UFO, changed shape to triangle, spinning like a boomerang. Fiery looking sphere moving very slowly.  I couldn't hear any noise like a plane or chopper would make. It moved straight up and disappeared.  It came back down, but another one came down right behind it. They were just moving around in that one spot.  Then one \"dimmed the lights, or something and I could barely see the outline of a triangular object with rounded edges spinning like a boomerang.  Then it disappeared again!"
"Three spheres at high altitude over Joliet Ill. It was at the Chicagoland Motor Speedway right after the NASCAR race on July 15, 2007.  My brother, his son, my daughter and I were waiting for the crowds to clear so we could leave.   As the sun was setting in the west, I noticed a shiny light at a high altitude tracking directly toward us.  I am an retired USAF and current airline pilot.  I thought that it was the sun reflecting off of a airplane cruising eastward.  I pointed it out to my group.   As it got overhead, I could not make out the shape of an airplane.  Instead what we all saw appeared to be three round objects randomly circling each other as they progressed eastward.  When they got overhead and the reflected light no longer reached us, the object(s) disappeared.  No contrail was present. I said, \"Hey look, it's a UFO!\"  But deep down, I really thought it was possibly a satellite or the ISS in orbit.  I've tried to find historic data on satellite orbit tracks to determine if that was the case.  I haven't had any luck so far.   As I've read more on the subject of spheres, it appears that it may have not been a satellite.   So now I'm reporting it."
"Triangle/ three lights/ silent/ lights went out one at a time until you didn't see it. My daughter and I were pulling out of the gas station and my daughter noticed it.  There were three lights in triangle shape.  Flying low enough where some kind of noise should have been heard.  Thee lights then two then none.   Second time this week."
"Strange light in distance mysteriously vanished So me and my buddy ((male name deleted)) we\u2019re sitting at this road pulloff in the Kancamagus Highway at about a quarter to eight.  I\u2019m pretty sure it was the highest point on the way up the mountain.  Out of nowhere we see this light in the distance that just looks like a normal light in the distance.  I give an assumption that it\u2019s either a planet or just a really bright star.  However, as we look an just talk about what possible planet it might be we see an aircraft with a pretty obvious chemtrail goin in the direction of the light.  As that aircraft grew closer to the light it started to do something strange. The closer the aircraft got to the light it started to do a weird shift in brightness.  As if though the light saw what was approaching.  The light started to shift in some sort of pattern like a kind of blinking.  That\u2019s when me and my friend thought something was strange.  We were joking around because we thought it was normal but then it started to pulsate an slowly vanished. The longer I looked to the sky the less I could believe what just happened.  As quickly as we realized the light was there it vanished.  The only thing I could think of that may have obstructed our view was a very small cloud.  However even then I waited to see if this light may return. It did not.  My eyes couldn\u2019t believe what happened.  The light was there one second and as if it was spinning it faded slowly away. It honestly frightened me to the point where I need to reassure myself multiple times that I was not the only person who saw it.  I\u2019m an avid hiker an I\u2019ve seen the skies many times to know the difference between a normality and a anomaly. But I hope you can maybe figure out what this may have been because that\u2019s the weirdest thing I\u2019ve ever seen in the sky.  I believe this may have been an extraterrestrial."
"Summer of 2017, Friant, California\u2026  On the Madera side of Millerton, there is a dead end in which families can set up BBQ's and a dock for people with boats.  It was approximately 9:40 ((p.m.)), when my boyfriend and I noticed people hanging out on the dock enjoying the stars.  We decided to walk down to the dock and do the same.   When we got to the dock, we sat down for a few moments to wait for the other people to leave so we could sit at the very end.  Eventually they left and we sat on the end.   Just looking into the sky discussing our relationship problems no more than two minutes into the conversation we notice a light flying smoothly through the sky, not fast like a jet and not slow like a airplane..  It just glided vertically through the sky and before we knew it, it zoomed up into the sky horizontally and just disappeared.  As it zoomed up to disappear it didn't just move at a crazy speed; it's almost as if it just faded up into the sky.   We could depict what it was, we were so shocked we couldn't bring our minds the the thought of us actually sighting a ufo.  Crazy part is, you'd think we'd be so shocked and tell our family, but its as if the whole moment slipped our mind cause we never brought up...   I'm a strong believer so how could something like this just slip my mind til this year of 2018?  How did I not instantly react and pull out my phone?  It's like being stuck in  the moment made us forget what was really happening\u2026 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"a white light moving in a circle. There is a white light moving in a circle pattern. my wife and 3 kids all saw it going around and around like a fixed position light but the fixed position would have to be in the sky, because the pattern is too small to be from a light somewhere, say if it where from a tower, it would have a mutch larger pattern."
"My husband ran into the house and said a huge bright light.  He said it was dimming and then very bright.   I witnessed a yellow ball and it did not move.   The ball would dim,  and be gone,  and then it became bright again.  Never moved"
"i'm clean meaning i wasn't drinking smoking or on any drug i don't wear glasses or contacts i saw three oval white object flying through the skies of palatine i saw the ufos while i was at work talking to a fellow employee"
"I saw pulsing, big!! bright  white light moving south very fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 red spheres sighted, in the Western sky, moving slowly, then gradually faded out, one after the other as if leaving orbit . My son and I were observing the sky to the West of Bristol,at around 23:00, when 2 red spheres appeared. Viewed at an approximate angle of 30 degrees the objects were approximately 15 inches apart, to our vision. It would place them, I believe, somewhere over Wales, possibly the Brecon Beacons area. They moved slowly and gradually got fainter until they faded away as if leaving orbit or the influence of the Suns reflectivity. The whole sighting time was about 15 minutes.As they disappeared, a faint star (as it appeared to be) flashed brightly, about 3 times, approximately 3 to 4 minutes apart as if it was a distant sun flaring. Following this a bright white light travelled West to East, appearing to have a trail, to the naked eye, passing under the Plough, the approximate sighting time of this was 2 seconds. Shortly afterwards we observed 2 meteor/space junk burn outs in the Western sky (shooting stars). Nothing further was seen after 23:30. I have experienced a similar sighting about 12 months ago."
"Bright, star sized light, flying from West to East, at very high speed, moving in a relatively straight line, except it was zigzagging. Bright, star-sized, light, flying from West to East at very high speed, moving in a relatively straight line, except it was zigzagging a lot like an insect.  Object did not disappear, until it reached beyond the horizon line. Note:  Two other unusual lights were seen that night with binoculars, but too dim and far away to substantiate, very high speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"large, round, bright white light moving extremely fast at a low altitude I was driving from Raleigh, NC, to Wilmington, NC in the evening when it was dark out.   A little over half way through the trip, I suddenly noticed something in the sky.  Out of the blue an immensely bright, very large white light appeared out of nowhere.  It was significant is size and was moving very quickly at a low altitude.   It appeared to be very close - no more than a few hundred feet up.  It was moving extremely fast and then it suddenly turned in a complete u-turn and then a second later completely disappeared.  It was over with before I could blink. I was with a friend and did not say anything because it happened so quickly.   I thought I might have imagined it but then my friend said \"Did you see that?\".  I was a little relieved that she saw it too.    At first I thought it was a fireball but the more I think of it, the more I am convinced that it wasn't....  I do not think fireballs make u-turns."
"Ten fireballs traveling in a straight line across the horizon I was standing outside at roughly 19:30 when I noticed an orange fireball traveling across the sky in a straight horizontal line.   Just a few moments later, through the trees I noticed another fireball that appeared to be the same size as the first traveling in the same horizontal line.   Having never seen a UFO before in my life, I was surprised to see two back to back.   Within minutes more of the orange fireballs traveled across the horizon until I witnessed ten altogether.  They appeared to be evenly spaced by several hundred feet and all were traveling in the same direction.   One of the ten seemed to lose altitude rapidly, and quite possibly could have crashed, but that did not deter the trailing UFO.   There was no sound from any of the ten UFOs.   There were many planes flying in the air at the same time, so it was easy to distinguish the UFOs from the usual air traffic."
"small bright yellow white light forming into three. making a loud roaring noise. it was a cloudy night there werent many stars. i turned to look into the sky and saw a two bright lights like head lights in the sky but more of a yellow light.  Then there was a loud engine like roart and it did a sorf of fire up thing and took off and appeared in another spot but it separated then into three.  it looked as if these lights were missles about to bomb us! but they just flew around and sometimes got pretty loud and sounded like a crashing plane. at one point it did appear to shoot something smaller and of a lighter color.. but not positive. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"I was traveling on sr-264 east heading to Gallup, NM.  My husband was driving.  I was watching a plane in the distance and I looked over to a group of houses.   Above the light poles were 3 green lights, with 2 red strobing lights on one craft.  It was hovering and the lights looked circular around the craft.   I was scared and stared at it for a while.  I informed my husband who turned around on the highway.   By the time we circled around it was gone.  It wasn't very large but I was quite a distance away from it.  We had no lost time.   This is my first sighting of a craft."
"Unknown object with flashing lights and laser beam behind the Hou ARTCC building/very fast moving I was an air traffic controller at the time.  Often we'd see objects on our radar and on a few occasions NORAD would scramble on them. (That's another topic).   The incident that I'm reporting occurred after the end of my shift. Three of us were hanging around in the parking lot talking.  One controller made a comment that Venus was bright that night.   We then started visibly scanning the sky.  We noticed a brighter light to the North of the ARTCC building and wondered if the other light in the sky was indeed  Venus, then what could that be. (The back door of the center faces east and leads to the back parking lot). The object was standing still and was just visible above the far tree line. Someone made a comment that it was probably a street light.   An airliner became visible climbing out of IAH but farther North of the light we were looking at.  The light then dimmed.  As the plane got farther away on its climb out, the light came back to the full density as we had seen before.  That got our attention.  We were wondering out loud what it could be.   At that moment,  the object moved from our left to our right at an extremely fast speed and stopped immediatley. almost a blur.  As fast as you can turn your head from 10 oclock to 2 oclock was the speed it seemed to move. (if east was 12 on the clock, then the object moved from 10 to 2).  We could not judge how far away from us it was.   The object then just stood still for a minute or two.  Very bright red, blue and green lights starting flashing around the object.  A thin laser like beam of light, approximatley 6 to 12 inches in diameter, lit up part of the parking lot and starting scanning the parking lot.   All three of us ducked behind a car without saying a word.  The beam shut off and the flashing lights stopped.  The   white light on the object then came back on and the object began moving very slowly back to our ten oclock position and stopped at the exact location it was when we first noticied it.  We didn't say a word for about a minute.   When it sunk in what we had just seen, all three of us jumped in our cars and left for home.   The next day, we considered reporting this to a national hotline number in Washington D.C., that the FAA had provided us to report strange occurences that we observe on our radar screens (UFO's)  but no one ever  did for fear of losing our airman's certificate. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangle-shaped craft hoverig low over a house in Pataskala Ohio My  brother and I were driving home from our friends house around 11:00 at night and we glanced off to our left and saw a small group of lights.   At first we thought nothing of it we just assumed it was a commercial jet on its way to Columbus airport which is close by.  However as we got closer to the object it became apparent that the object was close and was not moving.   I slowed my car down and tried to get a good look at it; I saw that the object was hovering about 100-150 ft. above a nearby house and not moving.   The craft was triangle shaped and had a white light on each corner and a red light somewhere near the middle.  It was a full moon so I was easily able to see the shape of the craft against the sky, the craft was not white like a commercial jet, it was either gray or black, the only way I was easily able to distinguish its shape was by observing it against the moonlight sky.   It was difficult to tell how \"tall\" the craft was because I was observing it mostly from the bottom so the craft could have been pyramidal.   I slowly passed the house the craft was hovering over and immediately turned around once I realized what I was looking at.  When I was about half way back to the house the craft started slowly flying away to the south-east.   As I was drawing nearer to the craft it tilted to the right and gained speed and headed off towards Columbus (to the south-east).    As I mentioned earlier it was a full moon out and there were a few clouds in the sky that were white because they were being illuminated by the moon, I believe this is the only reason I was able to distinguish the craft's shape."
"MADAR Node 141"
"Egg shaped object flying over Tolland to then disappear. On the night of april 22, 2018, my girlfriend, my friend ((male name deleted)), and I, were pulling out of my driveway to bring my girlfriend home when a large oval/egg shaped object that was a white with a green kind of glow to it flew passed my vehicle, and then after about 10 to 15 seconds, it\u2019s like the lights went out and it was gone with no track of it moving in a different direction or altitude.   As we got to the top of my street, which peaks the top of a mountain, we looked around all directions and it was nowhere to be found.  Thinking it was just a plane, but if it was, we could easily still see it from the peak of the hill.   At that point we all couldn\u2019t believe what we saw, but we know for sure by the way it was flying and how it just disappeared it was not something of this planet. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we found him to be eloquent, and serious-minded.  PD))"
"Not Crazy... And I don't stare at the sky looking for stuff either.  Wish I knew what it was... not man made! My oldest son had just started driving.  As a precaution, I placed an app on his cell phone that would allow me to ping his location and trace him if needed.  Just for fun, my 13 year old son and I decided to test it on the way home... just to see where he was at.  We traced him to a neighborhood about 2 miles from the house, where he was visiting friends.  We honked and waved at him as we passed him sitting in his truck.  We stopped at a stop sign in this very populated neighborhood.  While stopped, a bright green (almost lime green neon) cylinder/capsule shaped object appeared high in the sky.  This object was not moving.  It was just hovering.  After about 5 seconds... it started to move very slowly and then suddenly it flew at a phenomenal speed and suddenly disappeared.  My son looked at me and said, \"Dad... did you see that?\"  I immediately called my oldest son to see if he or any of his friends saw it.  They didn't.  I checked the news for t! he next week, and even surfed the net.  Nothing was ever mentioned about anything.  This was only 30 minutes from the largest city in Alabama.  There is no way that we were the only people to see this.  It was not a man made craft.  The only possible thing I believe it could have been (if not alien) is a projected laser in sky.  We aren't crazy and we don't stare at the sky looking for UFOs.  I had to estimate the date, but I know it was summer of 2012 and just starting to turn dark. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"i got at the back yard to smoke and when i sat at the chair i look the sky and i saw a fireball with very bright red begining of the tail falling with speed.  disappeared behind the roof....i went to the front yard to check and it was gone. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) in addition to my prior report i would like to add something.the time i saw the fireball on the sky suddenly i heard the sound of high frequency electricity ...like zzzzzz.i cant describe it better cause its a sound.and when the fireball dissapeared the sound stopped.i ve been asked the direction of the subject and it was north. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  The witness describes a very peculiar phenomenon, which is not at all well understood by astronomers.  The object described may have been a meteor, in which case, a person on the ground should not have been able to hear it, given its presumed altitude, and given that it was almost certainly traveling at hyper-sonic velocity.  Witnesses on the ground, if they hear a meteor at all, sound hear a sonic boom, like a clap of thunder, but they should not hear a \"zzzzzz\" sound.  Please see a similar report from Roswell, NM, for an earlier date.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Large bright white light, flashing smaller white lights like high beams on a car moving very slowly in the sky above us. This will be the second in identified object my girlfriend and I have witnessed together (11/12 red orb in bozeman) we witnessed the third together tonight as we were unloading the boat at our house returning from Harrison Mt.  I just want to say that we have been noticing more and more things in the night sky since our first report but nothing as obviouse as what I will report here tonight.  I will report the second one in another report next.  What we saw last night was a large bright light directly above we're we we standing.  This light caught our attention by flashing smaller bright lights on and off. It was like someone was flashing an led flashlight at us. It was moving very very slowly north, we could barely confirm its movement; that's how slow it was.  The large light itself would e very large if it was a physical object.  The way it flashed those little light was very strange, it was like it was taking picture or trying to get our attention.  I really c! an't explain it well enough for it to make sense to even myself.  We also thought we saw much smaller reddish lights moving into and away from the bright light, even around it; but we couldn't be sure because it seemed like they were hard to see, and thought it was an optical illusion from string so long.  We eventually went back inside, but I could have watched it for a long time I feel like."
"Large blue orbs hovering and looping on horizon One, possibly two light orbs the size of a basketball, swirling low on horizon for approximately 30-40 minutes.  Blue in color.  Two eye witnesses.  Hovering and doing loops over an area that is only occupied by a train yard and interstate 81/581"
"As I was driving the backroads from my sister\u2019s house in Denton, Texas, I saw an enormous pewter colored plane.  It was about 6pm.  It was flying right above the ground, and right in the middle, it had a round glass that hung down  and was flashing.  It made no sound at all.  I was so taken aback.  I didn't even stop to take a picture.  I have looked and researched shiny silver planes that fly low to the ground taking pictures, but can\u2019t find anything matching my description.  I will never forget what it looked like and what it was doing."
"I got home and was walking up the driveway to go in the front door of the house and I looked up and saw a pretty big triangle flying without any sound.  It looked to be about 1-2 acres in size if it was on the ground.   It was very hard to see it as it had no lights which I thought was very strange not that seeing a ufo isn\u2019t strange in the first place.   I have heard of numerous reports of people seeing a ufo but never heard of one in which someone saw one that had no lights.  It looked to be gray and blend in with the dark sky.  The best part of it that I could see was the edges which were a little lighter than the rest but it was a solid triangle.   It sort of scared me but at the same time amazed me.  I didn\u2019t feel it posed any threat to me while I was witnessing it.   It went directly above my house and kept going down to the Missouri River.  It looked to be heading to the east.   The entire time I saw it it never slowed or stopped."
"Four white metalic spheres with red glass-ish window on the front heading East over Aledo, Il. I was outside walking my dog, when four spherical crafts flew over-head about four miles off of the ground.  They were heading East.  The crafts were spherical and the outer walls appeared to be made of a metal like the kind used to build walls.  They weren't very large, in fact they were about the size of a full grown man sitting, if you wrapped a sphere of metal around him.  There was a red glass-like circle on the \"front\".  I think it may have been a window.  There was no propulsion system on the other side.  No rocket, jet, fan, or anything it just flew.  There was a misty purple haze around it, and it left a trail behind it which was the same color.  The trail lasted maybe 30 seconds before disappearing.  They continued heading East until I couldnt see them anymore."
"Many red lights over downtown Rockport, MA coming from the western sky hovering in the northern sky I live very near downtown Rockport.  I was going up to bed around 10pm on Saturday May 19,  2012 when I noticed (through a window) what appeared to be some planes flying in formation. I went out to my porch for a better look and was shocked to see a line of 7 or 8 red lights (about the size and brightness of Venus- only red) going from the West quadrant of the sky to the North quadrant of the sky. It was taking each of them about 20 or 30 seconds to go from due West to due North.   Once they got to due North the red lights would just hover in one place, which confirmed that they weren't airplanes.  Naturally, I assumed they were helicopters, but I couldn't hear anything and they just kept coming and coming from some point in the western sky  to this area in the Northern sky where they would sit stationary in a cluster.  After about 10-20 seconds of not moving, each red light would just go out, but then more would come to take their place. The cluster of stationary red lights never got bigger than 5 or 6 lights ! hovering together at a time.  In the 15 minutes this whole thing was going on I probably watched 25-30 red lights make this silent migration. It was most bizarre thing I've ever seen in the sky. Yet there was nothing about it that required supernatural powers.  It could have been done helicopters.   But it sure didn't _seem_ like it was done by helicopters, and anyways, who would bother to do such a thing?  One thing's for sure:  it was definitely a spectacle and other people in downtown Rockport must have seen it."
"Pink light does high speed flight from Tampa to Kennedy Space Center 5 minutes before shuttle Endeavor lands. Peter: Since 1984 I have been broadcasting space shuttle launches on a network of radio stations across the country. I have media credentials issued by NASA and am considered an authority on space hardware and systems. The UFO phenomena has always interested me but until 8:21:28 PM,  March 26, 2008, I had never seen one. I have a whole slew of computers and monitors in my home studio from which I broadcast the launches when I can\u2019t get to the Kennedy Space Center. Upon entry and landing I plot all the trajectories and landing paths. On the 26th of March the shuttle Endeavor was waved off the first landing attempt due to weather conditions being unfavorable. That attempt would have brought the shuttle in over Miami and up the east coast of Florida. The second attempt meant an atmospheric entry interface and landing approach directly over my head in southeastern Hillsborough County (Tampa Bay). The evening was perfect for satellite watching; the weather was cool and dry and the sky completely clear. I had already plotted the tracks for the ATV and ISS as well as STS-123. The ATV was in the same orbit as the ISS only about 1,200 miles ( 5 minutes) in front it. Having just undocked from the space station, the shuttle was also in the same orbit except about 326 miles (1 minute) behind the ISS. So, orbital mechanics being what they are, there is absolutely no way for the shuttle to ever overtake either the ISS or the ATV. The ATV was scheduled to go over my house at 8:20 PM and the ISS at 8:25 PM. The shuttle, which by that time, would have been entering the atmosphere and slowing considerably, would be going over at about 8:33:40 PM on its way to an 8:39 PM landing at the cape. Gazing intently at the patch of sky dictated by my computer, we could not see the ATV, it was just too small and dark. At 8:21:28 we noticed a pinkish light moving across the sky. Initially I thought it was the ATV, albeit late.  Then the pink light veered off course and silently zipped in a highly controlled movement across our heads (several neighbors had come out to watch, too) to the southeast and then turned toward the northeast as if headed toward the Kennedy Space Center which is directly across the state from us. It made the trip from right above us to the vicinity of KSC in about 1 to 2 seconds.  I knew then that the object was not the ATV so my thoughts went to the shuttle. Problem being that at the altitude the shuttle flies by the time it gets to Tampa we get twin sonic booms off the nose and tail. This \u201cUFOish\u201d object produced no sonic boom despite the fact that it seemed to have been moving at thousands of miles an hour. Just as I was pondering the pink light, the ISS went by overhead at 17,500 mph in its orbit. Very bright but, compared to what I had just seen, laboriously slow. It took the ISS a good 2-3 minutes to move across the sky compared to only a second or two for the pink light. I have never seen anything travel that fast, including supersonic jets at closed to the public media events. I went back into the house and NASA-TV\u2019s George Diller was saying that the shuttle was \u201c\u2026now just 9 minutes from landing at KSC and about 150 miles off the coast of Florida over the Gulf of Mexico.\u201d  Going back outside, sure enough, right on schedule, I was greeted by the twin sonic booms that must have rattled windows all over the Bay area. The shuttle, however, was too dark to be seen without night vision goggles to pick up the residual heat from its reentry. Having watched many launches from my front yard, I have a keen awareness of exactly where the Kennedy Space Center is from my front door\u2026 exactly 142.6 miles to the parking lot at the VAB. I\u2019m not saying it was alien, I don\u2019t know what the little pink light was, but, whatever it was, it was not a plane in the conventional sense of that word. At first I thought its altitude was orbital but as it moved away from the orbit of the ISS, first to the southeast and then curving around to a northeast heading, it didn\u2019t seem to be all that high. If I had to guess I would say maybe about 10,000 to 15,000 feet. Well, that\u2019s about it. Enjoy your silo."
"I'm actually not sure of the actually date but I do know this particular event happen in August.  My boyfriend and I go out looking as often as possible for UFO's and do see all kinds of activity in the sky. This night though was strange. We had been sitting outside for awhile waiting to see something, my boyfriend kind of yelled out \"come on let's see something!\", then mins later we stated seeing what looked like little stars flying very high in the sky over our house 1st south to north then eventually north to south, we saw over 10 of these \"flying stars\".  During all of this we all of a sudden saw a much lower triangle shaped craft that was all lite up at 1st and  then as it flew right above my house it turned all its lights off and then turned on 1 bright white light right down on my boyfriend and I and stayed there for what seemed 5 mins but it was prob more like less then a min! I was kind of scared so I backed up and then it disappea! red and my boyfriend and I saw a blue streak go across the sky, higher then where we 1st saw this craft. I don't believe we was abducted or anything but I do believe we saw an alien craft. Oh yeah there was no sound."
"This sighting occured on Wednesday 12 of November 2008 8:20pm,the wife and i had gone out to swap our cars on the driveway,this is something we do each night because i leave for work first in the morning. As i opened the front door i noticed a bright orange light in the sky coming from the west,we watched it pass over us ,i went back into the house and phoned my dad who is ex RAF and told him what was happening. I then went outside again, by then it was just going into some light cloud, the cloud seemed to banish the glare which was coming from the object, this is what i could see, it looked like three orange squares in a triangle formation and from each square it seemed to emit a faint white light in a arc pattern outwards from above the orange squares, it then entered some thick cloud and the object was gone.I phoned my dad and asked him if his discription was similar to mine,he said he seen the orange light but he could not make out any detail when it entered the cloud, he lives about a mile away from me in the direction from which the object came.  Being a avid sky watcher and aircraft entheusiast i do know that this was not a conventional aircraft,sattelite or the ISS. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Several lights in same area for extended period of time with unusual cloud formation present. I noticed an unusually bright light in the sky directly in my view outside my bedroom window.  It was over Sandy Run/White Haven area.  I noticed another dimmer light appearing over horizon.  I called my son to see this and we stayed and watched over 5 different lights appear and proceed to take on a triangle formation, a half circle, and even a straight line going up to a huge cloud.  The cloud was unusual too.  It seemed to stay in one spot for over two hours.  Also, the cloud seemed to glow slightly from within.  The area of the sky where the lights were appearing seemed to glow from underneath.  These lights would take cover in the big cloud when airplanes were approaching the area.  It was creepy just watching these lights get extremely bright then dim then get bright then dim.  I tried to take a picture with my cell phone but it was too dark not enough light.  I posted on Facebook asking if anyone else in Freeland was seeing these lights besides us and apparently someone else seen them as well."
"While fishing on Normandy Lake in Tullahom Tn, my son and I noticed something glowing in the sky high above us.  We turned off our black lights and started looking up.  The objects in the sky were going from left to right, and making 90 degree turns.  Several glowing lights were seen moving towards the big dipper.  I dont have the camera equipment to look up that high, and my camera phone proved unsuccessful.  At one point it appeared to look like a laser fight in the sky that lasted for about 5 minutes then it all stopped.  It was scary enough for my son to have bad dreams regarding what we saw, and to have him not wanting to be alone or by himself at anytime today.  I just am not sure what it was that we saw, but am positive it wasnt any type of plane or anything similar.  Please come down and sit on the lake with the lights out...and prove to me we are not crazy.  Thanks so much."
"Was camping out, and saw a bright object standing still, then moved randomly at extreme speeds, changing direction and velocity. I was camping overnight during summer camp in tents.  I got out of my tent in the middle of the night to look at the stars, and noticed a brighter object near the horizon.  It looked just like a planet, but brighter, so I originally thought it was Venus, until it moved towards me quickly.  I thought it could have been a shooting star, until it sped at great speeds right over me, sometimes slowing down, in a zig-zag motion.   Then, when it was around 2/3 of the sky, I heard a VERY loud sonic boom, followed by an explainable sound.  It was like a plane, but higher pitched, mixed in with a siren.  It quickly disappeared in seconds.  Clearly, it was traveling at extreme speeds, and only about a few miles above the ground.  This happened around Baltimore.  I was surprised to notice that no one woke up.  My father had also experienced a very similar event many years ago, only the object was too far away to hear."
"I was in my bed reading when I heard a large noise above my house. I quickly put my book down and rushed to the window. When I looked outside I saw large lights flying over my house. The lights were both white and red. I watched it fly over the highway and then out of sight. It looked to be about 50 feet off the ground. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Orange lights in night sky. Bright, about the size of stars, but a reddish-orange color.  Equidistant from each other, occasionally breaking formation.  Four of them made an arrow.  Would occasionally disappear.  No sound. Referred to this website after contacting local news station.  They said they got a few calls about it as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"2 Cirular objects with a reddish/ orange light move across the downtown Miami On the Sunday February 20, 2011, at about 9:30pm, my wife and I along with 3 other church members, noticed 2 round objects flying in formation.  At first, I thought it was 2 Silver metallic balloons, but right away both objects turn on a reddish/orange light located on the middle bottom of the craft.   There was absolutely no sound of jets of any propulsion sounds, this; despite the object being about 1000 ft. in the air.   Both objects flew from the Miami bay in a direction east to west crossing downtown.   The objects flew towards the airport yet the odd thing was their direction was against the air traffic at that moment.  I am wondering if anyone else saw what we saw."
"Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Texas - 01/13/2012 Location: Austin, Texas (North Central Austin) We are in the neighborhood south of Kramer Lane and between Lamar and Metric in North Austin.  Trajectory was from South to North. Time and Date: 7:40 pm approximately on 1/13/2012. Duration:  Approximately 5 to 8 minutes   Conditions:  Night, clear sky, no clouds. Setting:  My companion and I were sitting in our vehicle ready to back-up on to street.  Companion checking traffic to his right and noticed orange/red dot lights in the sky to the distance (coming North from South).   He looked again and said, \"What is that?\"    I looked and was also surprised to see orange / red dot lights that were moving towards North.   We exited the vehicle and walked South on sidewalk to better see coming lights (past our front neighbor\u2019s trees).  What we saw:   As the lights moved North, in what appeared to be two rows of lights, we were able to distinguish that there was a large \"mass\" craft at the front of the \"fleet.\"    This craft appeared to be very large and looked diamond-like.  It had red/orange circular lights at the perimeter;  about three or four appeared to be turned on and these looked like dots of light at the perimeter.   The fleet, including the larger craft, moved smoothly without sound (appeared to be moving fairly slowly and smoothly, but unsure of how fast.  It took about 5 to 8 minutes from when we noticed the lights, to when we saw the final light disappear). While it seemed as if the fleet was traveling below the height that a plane would fly, we are unsure of the actual size of the larger craft so we are unable to assess height of travel.  With an extended arm, and measuring with your thumb and index finger, the larger craft would be about 5 inches wide and about 1 inch high.   As the fleet proceeded on its trajectory, the larger mass object was now \u201cin-front\u201d of us.  We were facing west and the fleet\u2019s trajectory was South to North.  The larger craft appeared to be metal, dark and had textured surface (as if the surface was comprised of different levels).   The larger craft lights began to dim until they completely turned off.  When the lights turned off, we were still able to see the dark mass and that is when it was clearer that the surface was not smooth, but \"textured.\"  The larger craft was still very much silent and still moving toward North, when lights were all off and it continued behind my front neighbor\u2019s trees and then disappeared (or was less visible as if it either went higher, or simply further, I don\u2019t know). Behind the larger craft followed, what appeared to be, smaller crafts following in the same trajectory.   We do not know how many smaller objects were following, but we believe there were more than 5 (from 5 to 10 possibly).  The following crafts had a number of lights that dimed and then reappeared, so it was difficult to assess quantity.  The lights continued to pass in front of our vantage point until one by one, they began to slowly dim until they disappeared completely (similarly as with the larger craft).  The smaller crafts appeared to be smaller in size and so the surface was not clear as with the larger craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Texas - 01/13/2012 - one more thing... Related to my post \"Fleet of Flying Objects/Crafts - Austin, Tx - 01/13/2012\":   I pressed submit before I included that:  While my companion and I witnessed the fleet passing by, an individual walking toward us and said, \"What is that?   This is the end of the world s***\".    He was obviously also seeing what we were witnessing.   He was also very disturbed about it, as we were.   He said that he had come walking from the next street and that there were people on that street also standing outside and witnessing the crafts passing by. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness still elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((END ADDENDUM))"
"Strange object in Monument Valley, Utah *May 2007* Not detected by naked eye. http://i23.photobucket.com/albums/b368/pisces0226/FH000002_-_Copy.jpg   The picture of the sighting can be viewed at the link above. This picture was taken in May of 2007 in Monument Valley, Utah. This ufo was not seen by anyone but was captured by the digital camera. The dates were not set on the camera and ARE incorrect. We did not see any objects in the sky at the time, but in a split-second it was detected by the camera only. It appears that there may be a second object flying next to it, or perhaps in is part of one object as a whole (?)  It could be circular shaped, but due to the angle it appears oval shaped. There are small wavy ridges that make up the shape of the body.  We don't have much information about it since we could not see it flying in the sky, but it is definitely visible in the photograph and we truly believe it is not an \"accident\" with the camera. There was no dust in the lense, and no one's finger was blocking the view. My mother took this picture and had taken a series of photos of the landscape, one after the other in a few moments time, and this strange object was captured immediately after she had been clicking away at the camera. Other than that, there was no strange noises in the area. We were the only ones there. There were no planes or other earthly objects in the sky at the time.  It is a mystery, but very facinating!! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"A Silent orange light flew over me and my family was talking with family and a friend when my mom pointed out a wierd light in the sky, all of us turned that way to notice a silent round ball of orange light that looked like it was on fire, it ascended to a point in the sky where it then proceeded to change direction and fly off to the west.  It was visible for about ten minutes and it flew in a relatively straight path and as it flew overhead its brightness varied. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"We saw 6-7 craft move from SE to NW, with very bright orange/yellow lights and no sound. At about 19:10 on February 11, 2012, my husband was looking out our bathroom window when he saw the first of these craft.  The craft came from the South East and were heading North West.  Another craft came about 30 seconds later.  There were 4 that moved past our house spaced very evenly apart, and about 30 seconds from each other.  Then there was a pause and  two more came into view and then went past us. I went to get the binoculars and during that time one and possibly two more passed over. Each looked exactly the same.  A bright orange and yellow light that flashed on and off.  With the binoculars we could only see the lights no shape at all. The really amazing thing is that there was absolutely no sound as these craft passed over us.  We had the window open and we live in a quite area with little traffic etc.  There was no sound."
"Cone shaped object with fire heading East over Savannah, Georgia and Tybee Island, Georgia A cone shaped object was seen over Savannah Georgia, in the area of Armstrong College head east.   It was seen again over Tybee Island still heading east.  It was extremely high in the sky, but the cone shape was clearly visible!"
"A silver cigar shaped object remained stationary very high over head,well above the horizon close to zenith in the western sky for about ten minutes.  The object was known to be high in altitude due to contrails of aircraft that passed underneath it while it remained stationary.  The silver cigar shape produced elongated points in a star pattern at one end just before disappearing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  PD))"
"The ship was quik as a flash It was late at night, when i was walking on the street. I saw a huge disk shaped UFO. I was shooked and when i went to call the police the UFO suddenly disapeared and no one believed me.  I asked house by house if they had seen.  But they just said the electricity had gone! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Probably not a serious report.  PD))"
"orange/yellow light formations/ fade out left to right then reapear in other places...5-7 orbs maybe While salmon fishing last night with 2 of my kids and 2 friends straight out of presque isle harbor a couple miles off shore at around 8:30-8:45 i saw a formation of5-6 yellowish orange lights in a tight formation similar to looking at the little dipper but moving and very bright and glimmering. It was still light out but not real bright sky. the lights then went out in an orderly fashion from left to right leaving nothing in the sky. no little black spots of aircraft or anything. I witnessed it myself and said \"what the hell was that?\" my friend eric who was driving the boat said \"oh i think thats a boat pretty far torwards shore\" i said \"no not that, there was some weird lights in the sky that just lit up and went out.\" everyone looked and they appeared again in a slightly different order or shape then went out one by one from left to right. we talked about it for a while and continued fishing till well after dark around 11:15! to 11:30 when out of the starry sky appeared a bright orange ball of light then quickly after about 5 more all at once, then going out from left to right and some other weird movements etc. then after about 15 seconds of seeing them the last one went out and a half mile or mile away to the north appeared them all instantly and faded out left to right. I grew up there and never have i seen anything like it. no sound, they appeared to be fairly close within 4 miles first time and later within a mile or so. very weird and startling."
"White ball of light. White light traveling from west to east at a nice steady pace..  Passed by the moon and kept heading east. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Triangle shape object with 6 to 8 lights in my photos i was taking photos of a very pretty sunset because it was pink there were no stars out yet it was to bright still.It was very quite out.I took my photos and went home i was going though them and there was about 20 or 30 i was getting to the end of them when my husband and i noticed a triangle shape object with about 6 or 8 white lights there were three different view's of it the time stamp on them were for 524 pm all three.Then the 4th photo it was gone so it wasn't there long.I would like to say it was a plain but i would of noticed the flashing red lights on a plain."
"Bright lights in triangle formation stationary in the sky On the evening of December 12, 2013, at 6:24 pm as I was driving home with a friend after work (I was in the passenger seat and not the one driving and we were driving eastbound on the main highway), I looked out to the right side (southern direction) and noticed 4 military flares being dropped, and I observed them descend at a relatively steady rate until they went below tree line and disappeared.  I have seen military flares being dropped before and there was no question that these were military flares being dropped from an aircraft.  This was not the actual sighting, but I wanted to note that this was a little unusual as I don\u2019t see flares being dropped often personally. At 6:35pm, literally about 9 minutes after seeing the flares being dropped, I observed to my left side (which was in a northerly direction) 3 bright, stationary lights in the sky in a semi triangular formation, which I estimate were at around 15,000 feet elevation.  They were very high in the sky.  At this time I had pulled into a gas station and was stationary and not moving while at the same time observing these lights.  The only reason it had caught my attention was that I had never seen a formation of lights in this manner shining so brightly, not moving, and completely stationary.  The brightness could be compared to the star Sirius, which is considered one of the brightest stars in the sky at night.  At first I thought that these 3 stars were stars/planets, and I was trying to figure out what constellation it was.  About 4 minutes later, the 3 bright lights completely dematerialized and were gone.  I was not able to track them moving at all, they just vanished without ! any trail whatsoever and  disappeared. That area of the city where I had observed the lights has no tall structures or communications towers that could have been the source of the lights, and I was not able to observe any FAA lights that are mandatory for all aircraft in US airspace.  That area is completely level, and the mountains are much further to the west.  The simply appeared as stars in the sky, and then they just vanished.    At this moment I am unable to attribute this sighting as any natural phenomena, as the formation and the brightness of the lights, and then observing them dematerialize was, to me, anything but natural. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"i was a kid and had a window at my bed and often i would stare out the window at night from the bed and look at the stars until i fell asleep.  one night i noticed one of the stars was brighter than the othersand a bit orange and was moving around slowly,  i thought it was a sattelite but it abruptly changed directions in very sharp angles,  it went on for many minutes and then i called my parents to check it out.  they also saw it but could not offer me an explanation.  i kept watching it for an hour but fall asleep eventually. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))"
"Two Unusual Orbs of Light Spotted Just Above Antenna at Elk Grove Village, Illinois It was early 6-o-clock in Elk Grove Village, Illinois; it was a freezing, pitch-black night on Friday, November 28, 2008, when I had beheld a strange sight in the nighttime sky.  Being outside in downtown Elk Grove, I saw two illuminate orbs similar to stars, but unusually bright to have been stars. I had observed this strange phenomenon for about almost an hour, and from this observation I had noticed that it had not moved one bit from its original position, which in fact looked to be very close to a large, tall, radio station antenna in Elk Grove, observing it at a vantage point about four miles away. The two orbs of light could have been connected to form one spacecraft or separated as two different spacecraft because it had looked like they were in a straight, diagonal line above the ground. The bottom orb was brighter than the top orb as they both were hovering just above the tip of the 15 story-tall antenna; the illuminate orbs being about 100 feet separated from each other.  At the end of the hour, both orbs had disappeared, as I went outside again from my house to check on it.  It was a really extraordinary thing that I had never seen before in my life, and I would really like to know exactly what I was looking at and if it was indeed a UFO. It would be much appreciated if someone who knew these kinds of phenomenon , and would be kind enough to give an explanation. Thank You ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  Hence, we are unable to contact the person, as is requested in the report.  PD))"
"flash above Me and my family were outside lighting off fireworks and my wife noticed a light going across the sky andwe looked up to see this star moving from a southern direction to the north and when it got directly overhead wr saw a flash of light come down but did not illuminate the the surrounding area, then a 30 seconds later a second star shape was on the same trajectory as the first but a little dimmer and then it faded out of site as the first,   then a third one came from the north towards the south just a bit off to the west of the other two objects a minute later, not saying anything is strange except for the fact that out of 5 years of living here and looking up with the kids and their telescope never have seen this and being from Texas as a kid I could recognize a satellite pretty quick but never seen a flash or so many at one time, like to know what was going on in my \"neighborhood\" at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Observed a grey unidentified rectanular object in the sky that paused and then moved quickly. While heading north on Rt. 87 saw rectangular grey object to the far left of the road approximately flying at a height of a blimp.  This object was not a blimp, and had squared corners. Moving from east to west, at a good rate of speed, then stopped, remained at that location about 30 seconds, and then almost disappeared to an area farther west where we again saw it.  I thought it was a blimp, covering a football game until I saw the rectangular shape and asked my wife what that was.  Broad daylight, grey rectangular craft no means of support or propellant.  No windows visible."
"5 Very Interesting orange red lights heard a fire truck siren, then happened to look up towards the east, and saw the first three of five orange red lights heading to the north.   The first three (moving fast like a jet plane) disappeared just over the Orland Park area, the final two (bringing up the rear) were flying slower,  one shifted to the north east, the other slowed and stopped over the Orland Park area and then disappeared.  There were no sounds that we could hear from them, just the orange red light."
"Object accidentally caught on phone camera while taking photo of chemtrailing. While I was out early at nine am in the morning taking a picture of the chemtrailing I noticed later after examining photo a very unusual bluish object in the photo that had struture to it!in the photo u can see clearly to lft of the sun!I took the photo on lg phone!"
"Small buzzing boomerang/triangle distinct quiet buzz. I heard a buzzing sound out of an open window.  Seems pretty normal being 2 miles from worcester airport.  I happend to go outside for a smoke and heard a quiet buzz getting closer and closer.  The idle sound got very quiet as this boomerang object passed over my house.   The sky still had pink in it from sundown so I had a visuaul straight over my house about 300 ft up.  Had one solid bright white light and green flashers on each wing.   The object was plane-like, except extra long in the front but wings toward back of this object.  Looked between a boomerang and a triangle.   It continued to swoop toward a landing near airport but turned and looped around and over my house another 4 times.  It was not a plane because it hummed or buzzed like a dirtbike..  I've now seen the bright green flashers and bright solid light in the entire valley randomly since last winter. Has a distinct hum/buzz sound. Are these drones?"
"Orange light moving back and forth horizontally that blinked a few times then there  were 2 behaving the same."
"It was a stormy/ over cast night which usually make fishing better.  Me, my brother and my friend were down the harbour fishing of the rocks.  While we were fishing we was watching this huge black thunder cloud slowly makings it's way to land, on which over the next hour or two it past over us, lightly raining on us.  We stayed fishing for about another 20 mins with no bites, so decided to call it a night. While walking back to the cars and still looking at this massive cloud, I observed what I can only describe as a neon blue bird shape light flying in and out of this cloud kinda like a eagle riding on a thermal updraft.  I felt really stupid but told my brother and my friend what I just saw, my friend laughed and kept on walking while me and my brother kept talking but looking at the cloud.  All of a sudden we seen it together but this time it went in a straight line in and out of the cloud, then disappeared.  This thing was massive and distance it covered and th! e speed it turned baffled me and my brother to this day ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD))"
"I WAS OUTSIDE HAVING A SMOKE ON THE 20th OR 27th OF SEPTEMBER AT ABOUT 2:30 SOMETHING WHEN I LOOKED UP AND SAW A VERY BRIGHT FLORESCENT GREEN STREAK TRAVELING NORTH GOING SOUTH.  IT LOOKED LIKE IT MIGHT BE A METEOR OR SOMETHING ELSE EXCEPT IT WAS TRAVELING WAY TOO SLOW AND IT WAS SO BRIGHT AND GREEN IT LIT UP THE WHOLE SKY.  I CALLED THE SEATTLE P. I.  A NUMBER OF TIMES AND LEFT MESSAGES ASKING IF THEY HAD ANY INFORMATION ON IT WITH NO REPLIES.  I HAVE SEEN NUMEROUS SHOOTING STARS AND FALLING SATELLITES IN MY LIFE AND NONE OF THEM LOOKED LIKE THIS.   HAVE YOU OR ANY OF YOUR PEOPLE REPORTED ANYTHING ABOUT IT? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  We suspect a meteor, but cannot be certain.  PD))"
"Small to medium size,  thought it might be a drone.  The object went over the  highway going west, turned north and disappeared in seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"At 4:00 a.m. in the clear night sky a diamond pattern of lights, varying from blue to green to red to white, were observed hovering. Hovering lights very high in the clear night sky.  Observed for 44 minutes, from 4:00 a.m. until 4:44 a.m.  Lights varying from blues to greens to reds, some white lights, circular at times, often in a diamond shape or pattern, once in a great while a white light shoots from it off to the west of the hovering.  Observed to the southern sky of the New York/Pennsylvania border.  It appears there are one or two also hovering smaller lights to the west of the hovering light pattern, also high in the night sky.  It is all too close to be a satellite, and isn\u2019t moving as the space station would or a plane or helicopter could or would.  Two airplanes ascended at 4:30 a.m., but far too low and close to the earth by comparison to the hovering lights.  The smaller hovering lights to the west of the diamond pattern lights are greenish and white.  The smaller hovering lights are more concealed.  How can those lights hover for so long?  Fascinating to observe."
"UFO near JFK Airport NY on a bright sunny day My father called me onto the front porch and pointed out something in the air in the vicinity of JFK Airport.  It was a ball on top with a poll going down attached to another ball at the bottom.  I said \u201cBalloon\u201d.  My father said it was too big.  I thought it was odd how it was flying  - Not moving \u2013 If they were balloons on a string there would be some movement but it was moving like it was all one piece.  Also it was only straight up and down with one ball on the top and the other on the bottom.  I ran and got binoculars.  It was hard to hold the binoculars steady enough but I saw faint pink, yellow and then white lights on the balls. The poll between the balls was to thick to be a string. I put the binoculars down to look at it with my eyes and it flashed (Like a camera flash) and it was gone.  It was a bright sunny day with blue skies and some puffy clouds.  My father did not see the flash because he was not looking at the time.  He estimated the size as! about half that of an airplane."
"White cylinder seen in Placerville, CA; disappeared quickly On Thursday December 10 2008 at around 10:30 in the morning I was outside having a last cigarette before my History Class final and I noticed a Passenger Jet at cruising altitude (I would guess at 30,000 feet) and at a much lower altitude a white cylinder shaped object.  At the time I thought it was a small Cessna or a small plane of that type.  I did notice a lack of wings, but at the time I thought the plane was tilted to that the wings were hidden by the body.  The object was high enough that I couldn\u2019t see any details, except that it was brilliantly white and had 2 dark bands (no idea of the color).  I didn't hear any sound at all. Well a cute young lady drew my attention away for 5-20 seconds approx. and when I looked back the passenger jet was still there, but the object had completely disappeared.  I looked around the sky, but it was nowhere to be seen.  The speed of the object wasn\u2019t great enough to have disappeared that fast."
"White orb seen trailing airplane at same speed. One white circular aerial object was witnessed trailing an airplane.  The sky was blue and the white object was easy to see against the background of the blue sky.  The white object was traveling behind the airplane, seemingly at the same speed. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness provides high-quality video and stills of the object, but it is barely visible.  It is little more than a tiny, light-colored speck.  We do not know what it was.  PD))"
"There was a total of 4 orbs.  3 were white and one was orange/red under the gray clouds.  They were about 1-2 miles away north/east of USC moving north.  We drove east a couple of blocks from the 110.  They were there for about 10 min plus.  3 were together and they separated, the 4th one appeared later.  They separated even farther apart.  Some disappeared and we were fixated on 1, we left several minutes later. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous;  provides no contact information.  No time for the sighting is indicated by the source of the report.  We have assigned an artificial time, which reflects the time that the report was submitted.  PD))"
"possible ufo landing sight Around aproximatley 0100 hrs am, I looked out my bedroom window and saw something very round and large with a red ,blue and white lights around it shaped oval.It came down from the sky very fast and was directly north by northwest of my residence, climing over tree top level with smaller lights farther out.I am a trained pilot and thought at first it was a helicopter or rotocraft of some device . But no engine noise at all, also it appeared like it was trying to land behind the ridge into the woods .I saw this for 30 seconds aproximately.Ive seen many strange lights over that ridge over 3 years.Neibors discussed the strange lights with and I kept quite about it. Many witnesses in area . Thank you."
"Staten Island UFO sighting. 11/7/16. While performing construction at a client's work site in Staten Island, i noticed an egg shaped silver metallic object hovering overhead.  I decided to take a video of it on my iPhone and brought it to my co-workers attention. The object seemed to be hovering, joined by 2 other objects of likeness, darting across the sky.  It was a bright and clear sunny day with full visibility.  Temperature of about 59 degrees."
"3 round red lights moving in formation (line) from the West to the East. While waiting for fireworks to begin, I noticed 3 red lights at a high altitude moving from the West to East.  I observed the objects with red lights moving in a straight line formation.  There were no flashing lights on the objects to identify them as aircraft.  The objects appeared to be round in shape.  I could not hear any sounds coming from the direction of the objects.  The objects were moving at the speed of a jet aircraft.   As the objects were moving towards the West, the first object climbed at a rapid rate of speed until out of sight.   The other two objects continued moving west until fading out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Red and white lights above the great salt lake that appeared to be moving I was driving to work on the evening of November 13.  My route takes me on I80 along the great salt lake.  It was already dark outside and I glanced over at the lake and saw numerous orange/red lights Perfectly horizontal,  Approximately 4 on each side with white lights in the middle, at what appeared to be 150-200 feet above the water.  I was eastbound, just shortly after Saltaire so I know it wasn't the radio towers that are closer to 7200 west. I grabbed my phone and slowed down (as much as I dared) to try and get a picture. It didn't appear as though I captured the lights in the pic and the lights disappeared.  I didn't really think much about it afterwards until I was going through pictures, looking to delete what I didn't want.  I found the picture of the black night sky and zoomed in to try and remember what it was I was trying to capture.  In the picture I can clearly make out 4 horizontal red lights on the right and 3 on the left.  At the top near the lights on the right there is another red light with a white light next to it.  At the bottom near the left lights is a single white light.  In the picture, all of the lights are streaked.  I assume it is because I was still moving."
"dark object spotted in clear afternoon sky Around 5:50 pm on June 10th. Playing baseball in east Scarborough (20 minutes east of Toronto) near Pickering at a park very close to lake Ontario. I spotted the object from the outfield, looking east toward Pickering. I got the attention of about 10 to 15 of my friends, non of which take the subject of Ufos seriously. Although it was difficult to pinpoint, the object seemed to be about 5-10 kms east of us, along the shoreline, maybe a little further north. My guess was that it was somewhere near the Pickering power plant. It \"sat\" in one spot for the remainder of the time we were at the park which was about 15 minutes. From where we were the object was about 1/2 of an inch long, by about an 1/8 of an inch tall, and seemed to be only a few hundred feet above ground. The object seemed to be more rectangular than disc shaped. It was black in color. It was absolutley not a plane, a helicopter, a bird, a balloon, or a kite. It was a very clear afternoon with only a few clouds in the sky. Although the object was not very large, once spotted, it stuck out like a sore thumb."
"Orange ball flame moving over ocean at 4,800 miles an hour At 9:38 P.M. me and a friend stepped outside to leave my house.  I live right off A1A, 200 yards from the ocean in Daytona Beach Shores.  In a direction of SSE, we saw what I thought to be a rocket.  Not to miss the night launch, I called into my wife in the house to come out and see.   Most rockets disappear quickly here in the general direction they are launched, but even with taking her time of half a minute to come out it was still visible.  Only at this point instead of moving up in altitude, becoming more and more dim, it was moving across the horizon about 45 degrees high over the ocean until it disappeared at ENE.  It was an orange ball of flame like seen in launches.   I would estimate it traveled from Cape Canerval to Jacksonville (160 miles) slightly off the coast in about 90-120 seconds.   I couldn't find and information of a launch at 9:38 on 5/30 and would like to note heard no noise at all like when a military jet flies over the ocean.   I'm convinced it was a rocket flying over the coast but can't find any record of a launch so I'm reporting it as a UFO."
"This was a short experience.  I was driving home from taking my kid to school. I looked up and saw a small line in the sky.  There were clouds but they weren't close to the object.  As I was driving,  I glanced down at the road as I rounded a curve and the object was lost behind trees.  When I re-emerged, it was gone.  It was unlike anything I have ever seen in the sky before."
"Bright, square white light, flared, then dissolved. On this Sunday evening, I returned home about 8:20 p.m.  Above my house, looking south-to-southeast, I saw a bright white light, that appeared to be flaring upward.  This light sat stationary just above the roof of my house and appeared to change shape, as it slowly descended until the main portion of the light dissolved and flared out.  This bright light measured approximately one-half inch between thumb and index finger with arms extended.  The light sat between two planetary objects, which were also captured in my iPhone still image and video (attached in an email). The principal light source did not appear to be a craft of any sort.  But the high luminosity suggests it was something very unusual, especially as it flared and then dissolved in night sky, below my roof line.  Several minutes later, I walked around the corner, but could not spot it anywhere in the southern sky. (Thanks for all your work in this area over the years, Peter!)"
"Very  shiny bright , moving faster than anything I ever saw. I was sitting on patio studying. It faces WEST. There is a fence about 40feet from my chair.There are homes on the other side of the fence. From this chair my view is mostly toward the sky at about a 45 degree angle. There a few fairly small trees with at least twenty feet between them. They  are in a North to South alignment.(North to my right.) Bright, sunshine day. As I was drink from a soft drink bottle, I was looking up and to my right when I noticed a very  bright spot, like light reflecting from a mirror. I have observed commerical aircraft in flight of about this size. Ther speed at a few hunderd miles per hour would have taken at least 20 minutes to travel what this did in 10 to 12 seconds. It was easy to discount military because their paint is to reduce light reflection and commerical aircraft are painted also, and not be  \"brightly\" reflective. Iam a very observant person. I would judge this to be about single engine aircraft size at this distance. (No sound)"
"Two round bright lights right next to each other, clear night so they stood out against the stars, they looks like headlights in the sky Me and my boyfriend were driving home and I looked in the sky there were 2 bright lights against the clear starry black sky, it literally looked like a cars headlights in the sky.  Two round bright lights right next to each other brighter than all the satrs around.  I asked my boyfriend if he saw them too and he did.   You have to think I live basically on a mountain and we were in the valley before my home about to drive up the mountain, these lights were up way higher than any of the trees on the top near my house.   Once we get to the top it's all fields and trees, we looked around the sky everywhere and by now the lights should have been right above us from where we first saw them a mere 4 minutes before, and they were gone, just disappeared without a trace ."
"a light in waco, Tx   its dusk time, where ogren light meets dark light. A round shape light on that line of those 2 colors. it is a perfice round circle. it had flashies to it that went *_**_*_** and keeps doing the some over and over again. it never move from the same spote. my friends and i went to go eat for and hour and half. win we come back outsode it was not there and it was dark out. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Cloudy ring like figure moving puickly through the late afternoon sky in Berwyn, Illinois. I am not a believer in any \"Alien/UFO\" stuff but, I live in Chicago, Illinois and on July 3rd, 2010 (yesterday) the ring that was seen at point 0:44-0:59 is the SAME EXACT cloud looking ring I and many others in my family spotted in the sky right over Berwyn, Illinois. <object width=\"480\" height=\"385\"><param name=\"movie\" value=\"http://www.youtube.com/v/3PrOB2e9jbw&amp;hl=en_US&amp;fs=1\"></param><param name=\"allowFullScreen\" value=\"true\"></param><param name=\"allowscriptaccess\" value=\"always\"></param><embed src=\"http://www.youtube.com/v/3PrOB2e9jbw&amp;hl=en_US&amp;fs=1\" type=\"application/x-shockwave-flash\" allowscriptaccess=\"always\" allowfullscreen=\"true\" width=\"480\" height=\"385\"></embed></object>   Now&#65279; many were quick to jump to the possibility that is was smoke forming the shape of a ring due to the fireworks that were being blown off.  However, I beg to differ because this ring shaped object was PERFECTLY round.  Also the ring was moving at a very fast pace. The wind was very very still at the time.  Since this occurance I am interested in&#65279; what it was or may be.  Like I said before, I did strongly not believe in Aliens/UFO's.   But this time I was very quick to doubt it was smoke from the fireworks. The reason being is when someone makes a ring of smoke with their cigarette the ring will gradually get bigger and rise.  Whereas this CLOUDY like ring was moving across the sky."
"Fast moving stars flying in a V formation. I have never seen anything like this in my entire life.  I was on the deck of our home at approximately 10:30 p.m. mountain time tonight, and as I looked into the night sky (it was virtually cloudless) something caught my eye.  At first I thought it was a satellite because that is about how bright it was, but I quickly noticed it was made up of at least three objects in a forward facing V formation and it was traveling many many times faster than any satellite I have ever seen before, yet much slower than any meteorite I have ever seen. It did not leave any kind of streak behind it, or have any kind of tail, it just looked like a formation of stars in a V shape traveling in a straight line at a very high rate of speed.  I do not have an explanation for what I saw. I hope someone may by chance have seen the same thing at the same time as me somewhere in the United States.  It was on a southeast heading.  I am located in central Wyoming.  I honestly believe there were a total of five lights, I said three in the first post because I was trying to describe a V shape.  I am sure these weren't lights on the forward edge of some kind of giant object. There was no blocking out of adjacent stars around the lights. It just looked fast moving stars flying in formation, and I didn't get the sense they were even in earth's atmosphere.  When I was explaining it to my wife we did see some meteors that were streaking from the east to the west. Perhaps they were from the Aurigid shower, and we also saw a satellite or two orbiting, but trust me, I am a country kid used to seeing all kinds of stuff in the sky.  This forever changes my thoughts about what kind of stuff that out there."
"Loud pulsating \"woor...woor\" noise shook apartment complex walls and set off car alarms at night in Tempe AZ On January 17 2011 My girlfriend and I were watching a movie on our computer in my two story apartment complex (we live on the first floor) and around 22:00-23:00 hours we heard a faint throbbing noise that sounded as if it was getting closer and closer. The best I can describe the noise is like a fluctuating \u201cwoor...woor....woor...woor...woor\u201d  At first we thought it was a car with a loud speaker system but the noise got so loud that it shook the walls and windows of the apartment complex and it caused the alarm systems in the cars in the  huge parking lot to go off. After the noise reached its peak it got faint within 2 minutes and then it was gone. Our next theory was that it might have been a train but that was unlikely as the train passed by an hour after we heard the loud noise and I have never heard a train sound like that. We also thought of a low flying plane but we have never experienced that before in the 4 years we have lived at our apartment and in all the years prior to that when I lived under a flight path right by LAX . We quickly checked the news because we were concerned  about what we had experienced but neither the local news or national news reported anything. We didn't see any craft as we were so bewildered and concerned by what was going on that we didn't dare to look outside the windows. The name of the apartment complex is called Solara at Mill Avenue, Tempe, AZ"
"This is a possible ufo crash site very fresh. On the night mentioned above my firefighting crew was standing outside, when the object came streaking across the sky with very large flames.  We thought a airplane on fire until it flew overhead. It was a strange shape and it had no wings, it was about the size of a vokeswagon bug.  It made a very loud noise when it hit the side of the mountain.   We called 911 and the volunteer firefighters came out and looked around did't see anything and left.  About a half hour later the military showed up and went to the exact spot where it hit.  The strange thing was they did't ask us any questions they knew exactly where to go.  They worked on the sight all night with a very large helicopter.   We went to investigate we found the possible crash site, we woke up very sick the next day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD))"
"Triangular object gliding through the night sky. Triangular object,Looked like it was just gliding through the night no sound. We could see the front of the object but nothing from the back.  It did not leave any trail like a normal plane would.  It looked like a haze in front of object??  Was heading in the direction of Dulles international airport they might have picked something up.  Was not moving fast and looked very big in size. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
"Bright green light \"draws\" serveral strange marks over the Atlantic Ocean I was at the Virginia Beach oceanfront with five friends on a summer night in 2003. Three of them left to go play pool. My friend and I went and sat on the beach around 80th street, a few miles down from the strip. When I first saw the green light, it looked like a dotted line being slowly drawn downward slowly in the sky. It seemed to be very wide and very high, miles out over the Atlantic Ocean. I pointed it out to my friend and we both just thought it looked cool. It stopped abruptly, but about 5 minutes later it returned, a little faster now, and it was a solid line. The light made one streak and then stopped. This line remained visible for quite awhile. My friend and I became very interested after that. I called my mother and a few friends to tell them to look for it. One of those friends was on as boat just off the Outer Banks of North Carolina, and she and her friends could see it from there. We eventually settled back down, but an hour or so later the light returned. It started the same way, making a segmented line. When it came back as a solid line it made a broad, looping stroke in the sky. It was really bright green, and reminded me off a neon sign. My friend and I started to feel uneasy after the second appearance. There were other people scattered on the stretch off sand, and they all began pointing up and acting afraid. There was a group of around ten teenagers there from the Ukraine on work visas for the summer. They approached us and asked if we knew what was happening. Some of them seemed really scared. They sat and talked with us for another hour or so (it was between midnight and 1am) and then the light returned a third time. After its dotted stroke, the light made another sold line. This time the light swooped around a few times before culminating with an incredibly bright flash. At this point I became frightened as well, and I remember thinking we were seeing some kind of unfathomable missile or bomb approaching and that we were all going to be killed. Both the lines and the shape of the flash remained visible for what seemed like an hour. My other three friends came back sometime between 1 and 2 am. We told them what happened and one of them stayed on the beach with us and the Ukrainians. As I recounted the light appearances, it struck me that the three different shapes left by the solid line resembled the numbers 1, 2, and 3, in that order. This wasn\u2019t completely true, however because the \"3\" had an extra swirl at the tail before the flash. We were all completely amazed when it came back again, making the same dotted and solid line as it had the first time. I was scared, but I was also mesmerized and couldn\u2019t tear myself away. We all just sat there watching the sky, wondering if it would keep coming back. When it did (again, about an hour later), it repeated the pattern of the second dotted and solid line. I was sure it would come back and repeat the third line and its flash, and just before dawn it did. I was still completely awed and so even as my companions went to bed, I stayed on the beach. The cycle began to repeat itself a third time as the sky grew lighter. It was still visible after sunrise. I watched as the light again formed its first and second formations, but before the third pattern could be re-drawn, I succumbed to my exhaustion and went to sleep. I remember wanting to see what the newspaper or local news would have to say about the lights, but I never heard anything about it. I assumed the stations would be flooded with calls from people in Virginia Beach and as far away as North Carolina, so I never even considered calling myself. I did do an internet search to see if there were any weird tests being done at nearby military bases, but came up empty-handed. I still tell people about it, and when I run into the friend who had been out there with me we ask each other whether we\u2019ve figured out it was.  We haven\u2019t, of course. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD))"
"Two Orbs Over Central Illinois Last night while walking the dog before going to bed (+/- 9:45pm) I noticed a bright light, at what appeared to be at a low altitude, moving due west from my location.  The light was moving slowly enough to allow me to get my binoculars to view the object.  In the binoculars the light appeared as two distinct round orbs.  The orb on the left appeared to be lime/pale/green in color and the ord on the right appeared to be deep orange.  The lights moved west, over the span of approximately 10 minutes before disappearing from field of view.  The lights appeared to slowly fade out.  The orbs faded  while being observed with the binoculars.  The sky was overcast and no stars were observed.  No other air traffic was observed.  No aircraft collision lights were observed around the orbs.  The light did not vary their color and only varied their brightness when fading away.    I have observed this type of sighting several times prior to this event.  Without the use of binoculars the object appeared as a single bright light to the naked eye.  The object did not descend or ascend, over the 10 minutes being observed, and appeared to maintain a level altitude."
"flash come and disappeared Was standing on front porch letting the dog out after enjoying Thanksgiving dinner, when this light just appears out of nowhere about 1000 ft above us it flew towards the north for about 3 miles  And then completely disappeared we live up in mointians so thr wold not be anything to o structure our view and it just vanished was not a shooting star because we see them all the time and they come in from a different direction every time no exceptions"
"6 lights in a chevron shape. I was driving down my street, when I looked up and saw 6 blazing balls in a V shape.  I was near my home so I ran inside and got my boyfriend who also saw the lights, but they were dimming and had moved."
"Half-circle ufo seen from the back yard in Arkansas. I don't remember the exact day, but it was a big day for me, being my first day to live with my dad and stepmother.  My sister and I were playing in the back yard, when we both noticed what I first thought was a parachute.  It was a half-circle, flat on bottom, and just white.  I though it was strange, though, that there was no man hanging underneath it.  There was no sound at all, and it just seemed to hover in one spot. I pointed up to it, and my sister and I watched it for a few seconds....then it either vanished in a blink, or sped away at a speed too fast to see, but it was just suddenly GONE.  We looked at each other for a second then we ran into the house to tell our parents what we just saw. My sister today has no memory of that day, but I remember it like it was yesterday.  I can see it clearly in my mind as clearly as if I just saw it today. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD))"
"Me and my fiancee were out side taking down are holloween decorations and she was throwing something away in the garabage at curb.  She yelled my name in a excited manor I knew something was wrong I turn to look and said wow and other explicits and said  I know I see it!!!!!  I watched for bout 30 -seconds to 1min then I grabed my smart phone and that's when it got werd.I told my fiancee I'm going to get video then my phone started turning on and off on and off I was confused and to put in nice words mad.I just was taking pictrues of are son and decorations before we took them down.what we seen was the color of fire moving very slow no Noise untill it got almost over are head it was a very faint like humming type eletrical noise.I was complaing about my phone not working .she yelled to me be quiet so I did she said listen.my fiancee has seen this before while walking are son that time it was over  fermi which is are nuclear power plant on lake Erie but she said! it was coming towards the park. she ran home to get me I ran but i didn't see it. she told me the one we just seen while taking are holloween stuff Down was same color but smaller and same shape same werd noise we have never herd from sky .she said the one that came over  fermi power plant was huge sorry for skipping around on details and the two diffrent nights I'm on my phone doing this report which is time consuming and easier to add details I remember then earseing and starting over well when I ran down to park to look I didnt see any thing besides a few people point towards the sky my fiancee compared the one by power plant the size of a pumpkin now to the one on holloween it was the size of I'd say take 5 or six stars together that would be the size. the moon was cresent shape and i estimate the thing we say was about 100feet in a straight from moon but estmateing n sky is decieving  but after wacthing it for few min it was like when u turn off light my phone didn't ! start working for about 3 mins after it dissappeared"
"Multiple sightings by multiple whitnesses, unknown objects moving in strange ways, speeds, directions. Location = 29.36n 82.22w ,  Objects were seen in the southern sky between 180 & 210 deg. Originally sighted one of the objects following and overtaking a commercial aircraft then coming to a sudden stop, then descending several thousand feet in altitude before losing sight of it.  Then sighted two objects spiraling double helix style as they descended several thousand feet, then departing in separate directions.  Over the next few hours we saw several dozen objects, but couldn't be sure they were separate objects or the same ones.  All moved in different directions, altitudes, and speeds.  Having spent many years in the military, I estimated the distance to be from 8 to 15 miles distant, none had ACL beacons or navigation lights.   Objects were weakly lighted until moving at high speeds, estimated to be several thousand mile per hour."
"An alternating red and blue lighted object, bobbling rapidly and erratically in the sky and then descending  in a controlled fashion. We saw a red object in the sky, that started as a smooth arc to the east.  Then the object began to bobble, shifting positions quickly and erratically, left to right, up and down.  At one point the light turned to blue and then changed back to red.   Colors changed intermittently from red to blue several times.  Then it displayed both red and blue and slowly and controllably descended out of the field of view in a straight line.  The lighted object was much larger than traditional airplane lights, approximately 1/8th the size of the moon last night."
"Contact what extra terrestrial beings . It was a normal afternoon about 1:30pm, I didn\u2019t go to work that day so I stayed home and babysit my son.  He was about 3 months, newborn. he was in his crib and I was in my bed laying down I woke up to the ceiling of my body elevating up towards the ceiling I grabbed on to the mattress and a blanket and I slowly descending back down to my bed I looked through bedroom window and I saw something  that wasn\u2019t normal or should be over my bed I went to the kitchen to get a better look.  The kitchen windows were a lot larger than bedroom window, as I look to the right side of the window I noticed there was something that looks like craft over my bedroom roof it seems to be hovering sitting on top of the roof and as I look in the distance, two other crafts identical to the one that was over  I became very concerned about it and I turned around go back into the room to get my son as I turned around and I looked towards living room, there standing was 5 foot brownish pale looking being standing looking at me in surprise, big long arms  in a styling/standing  position.  It was breathing kinda heavily seemed as if was under some type of stress but I felt the feeling of comfort there was no harm done to me or to It, I felt at peace with my self and the  situation I also told him that I think they\u2019re out there waiting for you . I spoke those words and it never replied it just kept staring at me.  It had an object in its right hand that looked like some type of shades or sunglasses very thin about half an inch or an inch with length is about a foot or less at 11 inches I was kind of in an fully stretched open position my eyes became attached to it and became curious never said anything, it noticed  that I was interested in what he had in his hand and he gave it to me, he just put his hand out and give it to me.  I mediately knew where it went I put it on my eyes and it seems to disappear into my face as I looked around the entire apartment everything seems crystal clear I was amazed at what I was seeig half round side everywhere as I did that disappeared and I saw him again in dreams, dreams that I\u2019ve had a whole bunch of dreams of different  locations in the aircraft in rooms that look like refrigerators steaming  cold air,  places with weird looking trees very dark also very high mountains that they live inside the mountains but very beautiful inside, some other type of being showing me around, weird looking animals birds and other types of beings  how were very family and didn\u2019t attempt to cause harm to me ."
"At 8:50 pm I have seen a light in the a cylinder type light with blue and red flashes on the bottom come towards me and then shoot straight back towards the sky.   Northwestern sky's in Bracken Ridge Queensland Australia.  Lasted around 2 seconds amazing sight to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))"
"Undulating orange lights over Hanalei Bay My friend and I were staying at Princeville resort which overlooks Hanalei Bay.  As I was looking at the beach I noticed two orange lights seem to lift off from the beach and head skywards.  At first I thought they were fireworks the way they shot into the sky but they kept going.  The two orange balls stayed next to each other as they ascended.  I then thought they were helicopters but they were too close to each other and too bright orange.  As they ascended to the top of the mountain one of the undulating orange lights dropped below one side of the mountain the other continued skywards. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))"
